Have you been struggling to get a handle on your business’s LinkedIn company page? A fully optimised LinkedIn business page can help you make a name for your business and attract the attention of key players in your industry. If you’re not sure where to start, we’ve compiled our top 5 tips for optimising your business’s LinkedIn company page.
Write a fantastic ‘About Us’ section
A well written ‘About Us’ section will work to reel in anyone who’s visiting your page. There are a few things you need to keep in mind while writing your paragraph (which, by the way, should be less than 2,000 characters – keep it tight!):
⦁ Who are you?
⦁ Where is your business located?
⦁ What services or products do you specialise in?
⦁ What are your brand values?
⦁ How can people learn more or contact you?
And don’t forget to write in your brand voice! You want readers to get an accurate sense of who you are and what your business not only offers, but stands for.
Remember who you are marketing to
This isn’t Instagram or TikTok. You’re not trying to appeal to Gen Z customers with memes and an ultra casual tone of voice – in fact, you’re not really marketing to customers at all. LinkedIn is a platform to attract the attention of other key players in your industry. LinkedIn is typically used to find prospective employees and contacts within your field. If you end up with a new customer because of your LinkedIn company page, that’s great! But it isn’t your main goal. To market your page to other businesses in your domain, share industry news and insights, comment on others’ posts, and focus on building a community rather than generating leads.
Post, post, post
You need to stay active in order to boost your page. Publish posts regularly – share your own research or repost relevant articles you find interesting. Interact with other accounts, too: respond to comments, like others’ posts, follow hashtags that are relevant to your brand. This will help you create lasting connections with your industry counterparts, which is a vital part of running a successful small business.
Ask for endorsements
LinkedIn endorsements are one of the most powerful tools you can use to cement your status as a successful business. They are essentially confirmation from others that you possess a certain skill. Admittedly, it can feel a little awkward asking for endorsements – but LinkedIn will reward you for having good endorsements, so it’s more than worth it. Ask employees and colleagues for endorsements in return for a glowing recommendation. You can also ask business associates and network contacts for endorsements – did you know that 76% of buyers prefer to work with recommendations from their network connections? Just be sure to offer them an endorsement in return.
Make sure you fill out all key fields
Here’s something to keep in mind: businesses that have complete Company Pages tend to get twice the amount of traffic as those with incomplete Company Pages. The simplest way to optimise your LinkedIn company page is by ensuring all key fields are filled out. Include your business’s website URL, your location, the size of your company, and the industry you are in. If your brand is global – or even national – make sure to also include where your headquarters is located. Make it simple for visitors to your page to find all the key information they might be searching for.
Creating lasting connections with other names in your industry is the key to building your business and taking it to new heights. If you need help getting started, contact Zib Digital today for a social media strategy tailored to your business’s needs.