With events of COVID-19 continuing to unfold, we, as a collective, are experiencing unprecedented times and have been forced into unknown territory with business. At every touchpoint, we are constantly being reminded of the impacts that this global pandemic is having on our families, friends, economy, workplaces, and essential services via social media, the news and our communities.
All sectors have felt the effects of this crisis which provides some comfort in the fact that we are in this together - as the saying goes; work smarter, not harder. In times such as this, it is important that we work together to support one another, with a new lens as we tackle further challenges ahead.
Though it might not feel like it right now, this too shall pass. Whilst we may be trying to navigate our current predicament, it is essential that your business remains resilient and resourceful during this time. We urge you to ‘pause and pivot’, making informed decisions in preparing your business for the long-haul. Zib Digital have put together a few key tips, to assist you and your business during this time.
Stay in touch with your customers
No matter who your customers are, they’ll expect to hear a proactive response from your business. They’ll expect to hear fundamental information including:
- What you are doing to keep employees and customers safe
- If there are widespread closures in place
- How you are handling refunds or cancellations
This is a time to show empathy to others and provide support wherever you can. Sometimes the shortfall can result in a new connection or renewed business relationship.
Remain alert and flexible
Don’t just keep doing ‘business as usual’. Instead, take the time to analyse what’s changing and be prepared to reallocate your resources. In the case of COVID-19, we have seen marketing campaigns adjusted to better target local needs in the retail and hospitality sectors. Travel and hospitality clients have experienced a reduction in new customers, so they’re switching their focus towards retaining existing customers. We have also seen businesses moving their advertising budget to support retargeting campaigns and content to support this focus.
Use technology to your advantage
Apps and online platforms such as Zoom, Google Hangouts, DocuSign and Slack are experiencing a huge boom right now, and it’s for good reason - we all want to remain connected, in a safe way. Make sure your team is comfortable and trained in technology like this. You might also consider conducting group meetings to clarify how you’re using technology and set expectations around communication with your customers and online audience. This is an opportunity to ensure you’re getting the most out of your software investment and improve internal processes.
Get creative online
With the above considered, it’s time to get creative with how your business operates online. Are there events or consultations you can hold online instead of face-to-face? Can you run classes online, such as yoga, art or tutorials? Can you start selling new products online? If you are fortunate enough to be able to continue operating your business digitally at full capacity, now is the time to get creative with your advertising. Take SodaStream Australia, for example, who are promoting their products as a solution to keeping life ‘sparkling’ while in quarantine.
Via Hello Social
Ensure your business is visible
This is not the time to be invisible online. Consider implementing SEO Sydney strategies to help you climb to the top of Google’s search results or focusing on improving your social presence so your business can be easily found. Even if you’re a small local coffee shop, those who would usually visit you in person will now be looking online to see if you’ve altered your hours or delivery services. Strengthening your focus on digital marketing in this time can also help you to maintain normality and provide an edge over competitors who are slower to react.
Zib Digital has formulated new communications strategies in line with our ever-changing environment, which we are rolling out with our clients and within our own business during this time.
For support with urgent and cost-effective content creation, campaigns, community management or crisis communication strategies, please contact us at Zib Digital.