We’ve built and marketed websites in a wide variety of industries both within Australia and internationally. Below are just a few examples of the successful projects we have produced for our happy clients. Browse through our portfolio to see why people utilise and recommend Zib Digital for customised, effective online marketing services, time and time again.
VIEW PROJECT
Create a supermodel website
Zib Digital partnered with Megan Gale to create a stunning new website that would assist in effectively establishing her online presence. Through professional, in-house web design and development, the Zib Digital team collaborated to transform an ineffective single landing page into an elegant, functional and responsive website. Marrying talented graphic design with a focus on user-friendly development, we produced an online portfolio for Megan’s extensive body of work that not only enhances visibility, but allows for increased online engagement.
Skincare like no other
Sukin’s online presence and engagement could not be more important for their ongoing growth as Australia’s favourite natural skincare brand. Zib Digital’s partnership with Sukin involved developing effective display marketing and increasing brand awareness to support continuous expansion.
Zib Digital partnered with Sand Hill Road to effectively promote this iconic Melbourne brand within the digital space. We developed a tailored, professional digital strategy that incorporated website development and professional SEO services to assist with the growth of the brand.
VIEW PROJECTVIEW PROJECTAs an established business with a well-known name across Australia, Klim Swim came to Zib Digital wanting to rebuild their website to enable further promotion of membership sales. A partnership with Zib Digital saw the brand achieve incredible growth in membership sales in a short amount of time.
City of Ink are in high demand, offering enthusiasts a modern tattoo studio in Melbourne run a team of talented tattoo artists. As they continued to update their physical premises, City of Ink required a new website to complement their growth. Thats where Zib Digital came in.
A digital master build
Melbourne’s luxury home builders needed a site to showcase their stunning creations and increase their visibility to potential clients across Melbourne. Their website was in need of some major improvement, but the problem was no challenge for our Zib Digital web developers to overcome.
VIEW PROJECTVIEW PROJECT
Port Melbourne Containers’ existing business website simply wasn’t achieving the conversions they were looking for. Zib Digital provided Port Melbourne Containers with the solution they were looking for, by implementing a complete overhaul of their current website.
Every client is different, as is every industry… but our great results remain a constant.
Scroll down for case studies
The following case studies are real clients and real results. No fluff. No fudging of numbers. We know it can be a little hard knowing who or what to believe in this industry, but we think our results speak for themselves.
At peak
performance
Puma Australia
Case Study
A boost
for business
The Fruit Box Group
Refreshing
results
Garden State Hotel
That's because the rest don't realise they have a problem yet.Let’s get the results your business deserves.Let’s have a chat