Content marketing agency Melbourne
That's because the rest don't realise they have a problem yet.Our in-house team takes a hands-on creative approach, working closely with you at each step of the creative development process to produce a strong online presence for your business.The right content marketing strategy can help you attract attention rather than chase customers. From startups to industry leaders, we’ve helped brands of all sizes to connect with their audience through engaging content. From keyword-rich blogs to comprehensive guides, we can create written content that’s valuable to your audience, whilst also boosting your search ranking. Together we can tell a story that captures your audience and compels them to act.Content goes beyond words on a page; when based on solid theory and research, it can be key to a robust bottom line. As your content marketing agency in Melbourne, we can help to put engaging content in front of the right audience. We can create a targeted content marketing strategy for your business based on clear customer personas and customer journey mapping. We’ll identify opportunities where your content can be most relevant and effective.
Let’s chatYour content sets you apart from your competitors, establishes your business as an authority, and shows your customers that you know your stuff. Content marketing can make it easy to find by allowing your brand to be inspiring and human. Differentiate your brand and break down barriers through the storytelling of different mediums, from YouTube videos to brochures. After all, businesses don’t buy – people do.
Find out moreCompetition is fierce, and buying decisions will often rest on research and trust. Savvy shoppers are known to research brands before they buy, which means you need to talk to your audience about the things they care about. Recognise and address the pain-points or issues that your audience feels. With all this valuable information given away for free, it can’t help but leave people imagining how else you’re capable of helping them.
Start migratingSearch engines and social media platforms are the tools your audience uses to look for help. Your content should be created so that it appears high in search results, in social media feeds and boosts your site appearance in organic search. As your content marketing Melbourne team, we can ensure this happens. From scheduling blog posts to marketing your latest white-paper, we can deliver a strategy that delivers results.
Leave it to the experts
Content marketing remains the most powerful marketing tool for awareness and engagement. After all, humans are emotionally-driven. That means we’re interested in solutions and stories, not just products and numbers. We want to see something interesting in our social media feed. We want to view content that demonstrates an understanding of our needs. That means your content must be well researched and genuinely helpful or educational. Zib Digital is a content marketing company Melbourne businesses can utilise to develop an effective strategy with a range of content marketing services. We make it our business to understand your customers.
The purpose of content marketing is to attract and develop a specific target audience. Through content marketing, you should be striving to positively impact your customer’s behaviour toward your business or brand. The ultimate goal is to create true customer engagement.
Yes, content marketing does work! In fact, content marketing is considered by many to be the ‘gold standard’ in marketing, helping customers and prospects to understand your business, the problems you’re solving, and provide value before they’ve even considered purchasing from you.
This is a difficult question to answer. To put it simply, we believe in the kind that works for your business. We consider and create all types of content marketing that have the potential to attract customers or feed your sales team when determining a content marketing solution for you. Blog posts, infographics, white papers, ebooks and videos are just some of your options.
A content marketing strategy is a plan developed for building an audience for your business. It outlines a plan for publishing, maintaining, and distributing frequent and consistent content. This content should be created to educate, entertain, or inspire strangers to turn into customers.
Content marketing helps to improve conversions by allowing you to connect with and educate your customers and leads. Not only will you be working to build relationships and trust, but you’ll also be encouraging conversions by giving consumers the information needed for their purchasing decision.Content marketing costs around 62% less than outbound marketing, but has the power to generate more than three times as many leads. Because content marketing is effective, easy to start and popular with consumers, it can help you to reduce your advertising spend.Let’s create a content plan to secure you the business you deserve.Talk to an expert