If you’re wondering how to achieve growth with marketing that maximises the budget you have, it’s time to take a good look at your email marketing strategy. More specifically, your strategy for welcoming subscribers.
When someone subscribes to your email list, it might be one of their very first transactions with your business. That email address is like currency, and it matters almost as much as a sale.
So what’s your process? Where do you go from there? One email is simply not enough real estate to achieve the level of persuasion that is required. The answer is an intelligent email marketing welcome sequence.
Why do I need a welcome sequence?
According to the Ciceron study into First Impressions Email Marketing, only 39% of brands will send a welcome email. Around 41% don’t send a welcome email within the first 48 hours. Even more alarming, was that 27% did not send an email in the first three weeks. This means that they’ve missed a chance to make a stellar first impression.
When executed well, a welcome email sequence is your best opportunity to say hello and turn leads into customers. If your subscribers feel good when they read your emails, they’re going to be happy to receive any communication from you.
At this stage, your only job is to hook your subscribers on your business and what you stand for. This is the time to introduce yourself, tell your brand story, reinforce the benefits of being a subscriber and emphasise why you differ from your competitors.
So how do you plan a welcome email strategy? There are a few key steps.
Step 1: map the new subscriber journey
What do you want your new subscribers to learn about your business in the welcome period? More importantly, what actions would you like them to take? Whether you want them to connect with you on social media, or reply directly to your emails, you’ll need to determine the desired action first.
Step 2: set an email campaign structure
Based on the actions you’ve identified, you can start to set the structure of your email campaign. The sequence in which you deliver your emails is crucial. For example, you can’t expect subscribers to make any additional commitments to your business without knowing who you are.
A personal introduction, as well as your brand story, will come first. The rest of your emails will depend on the actions that you want subscribers to take. It's best to start with calls-to-action that have the least resistance, such as signing up to view exclusive content. It’s important not to go straight into sales mode.
Step 3: schedule the distribution
How many emails should you include? It's recommended that you send 4–6 emails as part of your welcome sequence. You'll need enough emails to build trust before you can push for the sale. This sequence length gives you space to devote each email to a specific topic and creates a funnel to sell. It helps you show value and move people further along the journey to becoming a customer. Since the emails will follow a sequence, you will need to make sure that the gap in between sending them is not too long that the connection between them is lost. Don't be afraid to send a daily email if that's what your sequence requires.
Step 4. don’t forget to leave a teaser
This step is imperative for building anticipation. After all, you don’t want subscribers to lose interest after your first set of emails. In addition to telling subscribers exactly what to expect, you can invoke a bit of curiosity. This way, they’ll be compelled to open any subsequent emails. You can simply say that you have a few special surprises in store and they’re going to be good. Subscribers should stay connected, so they don’t miss out. Trust us, it works!
You don’t always want your emails to be selling something with your email marketing, as this is a fast way to get people to stop paying attention to you. But you also don’t need to be shy about selling to people, as long as you’re selling something that people want.
Interested to know more? Check out our dedicated marketing blog or hear from our case studies.