Digital marketing
solutions for
ecomm & retail
Find your solution
We’re a team of digital marketing professionals dedicated to finding our clients the solutions that address their unique business challenges. Sometimes those solutions may not even include us.
Let's discuss your challenges
Andy
Strategic thinker
An established public speaker on digital marketing, and with over 17 years in the industry, Andy is well placed in taking the role of Head of Strategy. With an insatiable appetite for marketing intricacies and strategic prowess, Andy’s professional journey encompasses experiences both as a trusted advisor to clients and as a dynamic force within top-tier agencies.
Rochelle
Storyteller
With over 14 years of industry experience, a love of people, communications and creativity, Rochelle collaborates with our design, social and copy teams to create memorable experiences that inspire action. As Head of Content, Rochelle’s career in both traditional & digital marketing, inspires a holistic approach that merges online and offline touchpoints.
Brigitte
Social butterfly
As a qualified journalist, Brigitte leads a team of social specialists, excelling in the role of Social Media Lead at Zib Digital. Brigitte brings forth a kaleidoscope of skills spanning copywriting, strategic account management, social media, event management, media liaison, and brand curation across multifaceted industries including music, fashion, lifestyle, beauty, hospitality, and property.
Vidhi
All about your audience
With over 8 years in the industry, Vidhi creates data-driven strategies that transform clicks into customers. As Social Performance Team Lead, Vidhi has helped clients across a range of industries such as ecommerce, interiors and B2B achieve their goals through effective team leadership and empowering strategies.
Sai
Google guru
With over a decade specialising in Google Ads, Sai has helped generate millions in revenue for clients. As Google Media Performance Manager at Zib, his understanding of Google’s algorithms consistently drives exceptional results. Recognised as a trusted advisor, Sai remains dedicated to staying ahead of industry trends, shaping digital strategies and delivering measurable success for clients.
Lee
SEO sage
Boasting over 15 years in digital marketing, Lee is the Senior Digital Strategy Manager at Zib, working internationally across the business in NZ, AU and IN, with expertise in digital strategy, SEO and SEM. Lee’s professional acumen spans a vast range of specialisms including, account management, RFT’s, client pitching and outsourcing SEO and digital strategy work.
Your business challenges are unique, your marketing solutions should be too
Our clients are anything but generic, so neither are the challenges they face. By embracing each unique problem, we can unlock creative solutions that set your brand apart from the competition. We will help you to create content that resonates deeply with your audiences, develops genuine connections and drives results.
A selection of our specialist channels
Real results
We don’t need to give you crazy figures to persuade you to work with us. These case studies show
genuine clients and tangible results, with no exaggeration or manipulation of data. See for yourself.
Download these case studies
Online Food Retailer
This wholesaler made the move to online and selling direct to the public. A multi-channel approach saw an enormous increase in website traffic and surpassed all their campaign objectives.
Hamper Delivery
Connecting with
customers
We helped this client set themselves apart by focusing on an emotional connection with their customers. This approach has driven a significant increase in traffic and online revenue.
INGLEWOOD
COFFEE ROASTERS
The Fruitbox Group
We provide expertise across a range of disciplines including strategic advice and execution. Open communication and real-time data gives this client the ability to be agile in-market.
Outback Fencing
Our campaign achieved a remarkable ROI through strategic planning and PMax’s advanced capabilities. Precision in execution led to remarkable revenue growth which surpassed expectations.
Amazing Graze Flowers
A personalised
approach
Amazing Graze and Zib joined forces in 2019 thanks to a highly personalised and thorough consultation process, and saw enormous growth through both organic and paid marketing efforts.
Twelve Board Store
In a saturated market, they know customers can find any old board just about anywhere. That’s why we focused on providing customers with the best advice, the right products, and competitive prices.
Frequently asked questions
These are some questions that come up a lot. Want more information? Feel free to
get in touch with us to learn more.
Google ads
SEO
Social media
Results & reporting
Hear firsthand how our tailored strategies and unwavering dedication have helped businesses just like yours achieve remarkable growth and exceed their goals.
4.9
Google Reviews
Keen to find out how we can help?
Send us your details and one of our team will be in touch to discuss your business objectives, and how we can help you achieve them.
© 2024 Zib Digital. All rights reserved.
Menu
HomeAboutFranchise OpportunityCase StudiesBlogContactPrivacy Policy
Services
SEOGoogle AdsSocial Media
AdelaideBrisbaneCanberraGold CoastMelbourneSydneyNew Zealand
Melbourne
Level 2, 132 Gwynne StreetCremorne VIC 3121
Christchurch
585 Wairakei RoadBurnside, Christchurch 8053
Auckland
Level 1, 8 Cleveland RoadParnell, Auckland 1052