Customer focused. Strategy led. Results driven.Whether you’re looking to share your story with a new audience, drive traffic to your website or increase sales, zib digital is an ROI driven digital marketing agency Geelong wide with the experience and intelligence to deliver growth-driven strategies for businesses large and small.
Discover more
Every client is different, as is every industry, but what does remain constant is the great results our clients have achieved through digital marketing throughout Geelong.
These case studies are real clients and real results. No fluff. No fudging of numbers. We know it can be a little hard knowing who or what to believe in this industry but we think their stories speak for themselves.As the premier digital marketing company, we’ve supported hundreds of industry leading brands. But don’t just take our word for it…
4.9
Google Reviews
With over 15 years’ experience in digital marketing, our team of specialists know how to drive results and achieve the best return on investment for your business.
140+
800+
97%
100m
8:1
For over 15 years, we’ve been the top digital marketing company Geelong wide and we’ve helped grow businesses in a wide variety of industries, both here in Australia and internationally. With over 800 clients on board ranging from trades to national sportswear retailers, we’ve proven we can deliver results for anyone and everyone.After a successful career in trade sales for the mechanical and electrical industries, Matt Jackson now helps businesses of all sizes thrive in the digital space.
As a Growth Specialist, Matt is your ambassador, expertly leveraging the skills and experience of Zib’s team to develop and implement growth strategies to meet your business objectives and give you the competitive edge. He’s also a really nice guy.
Get in touch with Matt today and find out how he can help your business get a leg up on the competition.What have you been doing, what makes you different, what are your challenges, where do you want to go? The more we know, the better our team of specialists are able to propose recommendations that meet your requirements and provides the greatest ROI.
Our Kickstart Strategy was designed to identify the right opportunities and channels that will help create long term growth for your business. This begins with taking the time to get to know you and your business.This is our initial meeting where we discover what makes you tick, the ins and outs of your business, and what your conversion goals are. The more you can tell us, the better equipped our team will be to offer an effective growth strategy.Information gathered from the Learning session is shared with our production team, who use their wealth of expertise and experience to develop an initial growth strategy and recommendations that we believe will help you reach your goals.During the Workshop we present our initial growth strategy, address any outstanding concerns we should take into consideration, and demonstrate through our ROI tool, your expected return on investment from each channel.By now, we’ve gotten to know each other quite well. Your Growth Specialist will take the time to walk you through our proposed digital strategy, channel recommendations, and the associated costs. Then there’s only one thing left to do… grow your business!Month on month, 97% of our SEO clients choose to stick with usOver 100 million impressions from Meta advertising alone*
* YTD 2022 (As of 13 September 2022)On average, our eComm clients achieve an over 8:1 return on ad spend via paid mediaWhatever your business objectives, we’ve got the depth of knowledge and skills to improve your customer experience, generate traffic and increase conversions.
Zib Digital is a top-notch digital marketing agency in Geelong, that works tirelessly to help your business succeed online. We have the online marketing tactics and skills to help your business develop an online presence that generates actual results with a portfolio of complete digital marketing services. We’re always exploring new methods to link your brand with the proper online audience, whether it’s fresh ideas to improve your search results, smarter paid advertising campaigns or better ways to engage through social media. We’ll work directly with you through each step of the process, using a hands-on approach to ensure that your business receives the return on investment and development that you desire. With zib digital as your digital marketing company, you can start converting traffic into leads and leads into customers.Digital marketing is more important than ever. Our dedicated digital strategy team will tailor a digital marketing plan aligned with your business goals that fulfils a variety of users’ needs in one integrated experience. We will identify and prioritise digital marketing opportunities, conduct research and provide actionable insights to get you the best ROI for your business.It’s not simple to stand out in search results but our Geelong digital marketing agency’s professional SEO team of in-house specialists can help you do just that. A well-thought-out, data-driven SEO strategy tailored to your company’s goals can ensure that your website is working harder than ever to generate results. Our SEO professionals can assist you to persuade customers to choose you by providing customised SEO services.
Billions of searches are made on Google every single day. With Google Ads, you can tap into that massive audience and be noticed by the people who are searching with intent for something you can offer them. With a solid track record for creating successful Google Ads campaigns, we leverage the most versatile online advertising platform to build brand awareness, drive direct conversions and attract new leads.
A good social media presence can have a big impact on the growth of your company. However, effective social media advertising entails more than merely posting status updates. It necessitates in-depth data analysis and the development of well-researched tactics. We create social media advertising programs with measurable outcomes. Social media is so much more than boosting, it requires active ongoing management and optimisation to deliver results. We’ll write content for you, manage your advertising budget and target your ideal clients online. Our team are experts across multiple channels including Facebook, Instagram, TikTok, LinkedIn, Pinterest and more.
Through clever email marketing, you can nurture your database using sophisticated data-driven strategies combined with captivating design and engaging copy to create experiences that earn you loyal customers. Leveraging our deep understanding of lead and customer nurturing, we can deliver seamless email campaigns for your brand. With ever changing privacy settings, personalisation, segmentation and constant testing is required to deliver a strong email campaign that converts.
Because humans are visual creatures, you’ll need to create captivating experiences for your target audience. Our team’s design capabilities are wide, ranging from developing your crucial corporate logo to designing a complete bespoke website that drives customer interactions and conversions. Our Geelong digital marketing agency's talented in-house designers combine visual appeal and functionality to produce remarkable user experiences.Zib digital is a big team, with over 140+ digital specialists spread across both Australia and New Zealand.
This is what makes us different. When you partner with the leading digital marketing agency Geelong wide, you don’t just get help from a single marketing professional, your business benefits from our SEO masters, Google Ads specialists, social media experts, digital design geniuses and savvy strategists… and that’s just the production team.
We combine all of these incredible capabilities with over 15 years’ experience to deliver intelligent digital strategies that engage, convert and most importantly, produce results for your business.
Zib digital is a big team, with over 140+ digital specialists spread across both Australia and New Zealand.
This is what makes us different. When you partner with the leading digital marketing agency Melbourne wide, you don’t just get help from a single marketing professional, your business benefits from our SEO masters, Google Ads specialists, social media experts, digital design geniuses, email gurus and savvy strategists… and that’s just the production team.
We combine all of these incredible capabilities with over 15 years’ experience to deliver intelligent digital strategies that engage, convert and most importantly, produce results for your business.Digital marketing is simply marketing activities that occur on the internet. We utilise digital channels such as Google, social media, email and your own website to connect with your current and prospective customers.
Perhaps digital marketing hasn’t worked for you in the past and there are a variety of reasons why, but that doesn’t imply it won’t work for you now. Digital marketing may benefit any size company in any industry. We have over 800 digital marketing clients at zib digital, ranging in size from small businesses to huge national corporations.
To measure the success of your digital marketing efforts, you first need to determine your goals. Is it more leads, sales, brand exposure or social media presence that you want? The digital marketing strategies you choose will hugely impact your results. SEO, Google Ads, social media advertising or a combination of all three could be the answer. We are big on analysing the data and algorithms to drive business growth and we’ll make recommendations based on our in-depth research and analysis to help you achieve your business goals.Digital marketing can work for any business, regardless of the size or niche. As the leading digital marketing company in Geelong, we work to understand the consumer’s needs so we can create valuable content for them that drives real results. Regardless of your budget, using the right digital marketing strategies will have a huge impact on the overall performance of your business.
Let’s be honest, we’re all a little guilty of judging a book by its cover and the same can probably be said for your potential customers. In fact, recent studies have found that the lever most strongly associated with increased performance is high quality creative execution.
Our team of experienced UX and Digital Designers deliver creative solutions that not only drive engagement and sales but keep your customers coming back for more.
With so much misinformation and claims of overnight success out there, we understand it must be difficult knowing what to believe. It’s for this reason that we decided to develop a unique tool that demonstrates the realistic return on investment (ROI) you could expect from your investment. Our calculations aren’t speculative but rather based on well-established industry benchmarks and your very own business data.
Discover new growth opportunities for your business and book a demo of our ROI tool with the leaders in digital marketing Geelong wide today!Our alliances help you to stay on top of innovations and use best practice to help create a winning strategy on the digital channels that are going to best serve your goals.Our alliances help you to stay on top of innovations and use best practice to help create a winning strategy on the digital channels that are going to best serve your goals and increase your performance and sales.Send us your details and we’ll be in touch to discuss booking your Discovery Session, and how we can help achieve your business goals. © 2022 Zib Digital. All rights reserved.Privacy Policy | Terms and Conditions