Customer focused. Strategy led. Results driven.Whether you aim to amplify your brand narrative, boost website traffic or elevate sales, at Zib Digital we are a results-focused digital marketing agency based in Melbourne, dedicated to creating smart strategies that boast tangible growth for businesses of all sizes. Our expertise and data-driven approach ensure a seamless journey to achieving your objectives and maximising ROI.
Discover more
While every client and industry is unique, we are proud of one common thread - the outstanding results our clients have achieved through our digital marketing expertise in Melbourne.
Our case studies feature real clients and genuine outcomes, no exaggeration or data manipulation. We let our clients' successes speak for themselves, providing transparent and unbiased testimonials that showcase the impact of our tailored digital marketing solutions.Explore the stories of our clients who have achieved remarkable growth and success through our tailored digital marketing solutions.
4.9
Google Reviews
As Melbourne’s most trusted digital marketing agency, we've refined our expertise over 15 years to drive exceptional results. Our team of specialists is dedicated to unlocking your online potential and delivering elevated ROI’s for your business year on year.
140+
800+
97%
100m
8:1
As Melbourne’s leading digital marketing agency, we've established a legacy of success, empowering businesses of all sizes to thrive in the harsh digital landscape. Our diverse portfolio spans over 800 clients, each achieving remarkable results through our strategic guidance.After a successful career in trade sales for the mechanical and electrical industries, Matt Jackson now helps businesses of all sizes thrive in the digital space.
As a Growth Specialist, Matt is your ambassador, expertly leveraging the skills and experience of Zib’s team to develop and implement growth strategies to meet your business objectives and give you the competitive edge. He’s also a really nice guy.
Get in touch with Matt today and find out how he can help your business get a leg up on the competition.What have you been doing, what makes you different, what are your challenges, where do you want to go? The more we know, the better our team of specialists are able to propose recommendations that meet your requirements and provides the greatest ROI.
Our Kickstart Strategy was designed to identify the right opportunities and channels that will help create long term growth for your business. This begins with taking the time to get to know you and your business.This is our initial meeting where we discover what makes you tick, the ins and outs of your business, and what your conversion goals are. The more you can tell us, the better equipped our team will be to offer an effective growth strategy.Information gathered from the Learning session is shared with our production team, who use their wealth of expertise and experience to develop an initial growth strategy and recommendations that we believe will help you reach your goals.During the Workshop we present our initial growth strategy, address any outstanding concerns we should take into consideration, and demonstrate through our ROI tool, your expected return on investment from each channel.By now, we’ve gotten to know each other quite well. Your Growth Specialist will take the time to walk you through our proposed digital strategy, channel recommendations, and the associated costs. Then there’s only one thing left to do… grow your business!Month on month, 97% of our SEO clients choose to stick with usOver 100 million impressions from Meta advertising alone*
* YTD 2022 (As of 13 September 2022)On average, our eComm clients achieve an over 8:1 return on ad spend via paid mediaIn today's competitive marketing arena, a website is just the beginning. That's why we offer a complete, comprehensive suite of services, including SEO, PPC and social media. Our team of 140+ specialists brings years of expertise and a passion for delivering high-impact campaigns that drive real results.
We believe in the transformative power of data and personalised strategies. Collaborate with us to develop a bespoke digital blueprint that propels your business forward. Whether you're a startup or an established enterprise, our mission is to help you achieve your objectives and unlock your full potential.The ‘one-size-fits-all’ approach simply doesn’t cut it in today’s digital age. Our team of experts will create a bespoke digital marketing strategy that aligns with your unique business objectives, delivering a smooth user experience that drives real results. We'll identify high-impact opportunities, conduct in-depth research and provide actionable insights to maximise your ROI and propel your business forward.With our team of 60+ in-house SEO specialists, we'll develop a tailored SEO strategy that amplifies your brand's online presence and drives meaningful results. Our collaborative approach ensures customised solutions that amplify your brand's unique position, drive customer engagement and elevate your digital success. Tap into Google's vast audience and transform your online presence with our expert Google Ads solutions. Our expertise ensures maximum ROI from your Google Ads investment, whether your goal is brand awareness that resonates, conversions that drive sales or lead generation that fuels growth.Achieve unprecedented business growth with our data-driven social media strategies, delivering measurable outcomes through custom plans, content creation, ad budget management and targeted engagement across multiple platforms. Contact one of our social media specialists today to learn more about how we can get your business to shine online.Capture (and most importantly retain) your audience's attention with our visually stunning design solutions, from tailored logo development to bespoke website design, crafting experiences that drive interactions and conversions. Whether you need a new website or a redesign, we'll help you stand out with a digital presence that's both visually stunning and highly functional.Rest assured, you're in good hands with our 140+ strong team of digital specialists across Australia and New Zealand. With 15+ years of experience, we leverage a diverse range of skills to create intelligent digital solutions that drive engagement, conversions and tangible results. Trust us to take your business to new heights.
Zib digital is a big team, with over 140+ digital specialists spread across both Australia and New Zealand.
This is what makes us different. When you partner with the leading digital marketing agency Melbourne wide, you don’t just get help from a single marketing professional, your business benefits from our SEO masters, Google Ads specialists, social media experts, digital design geniuses, email gurus and savvy strategists… and that’s just the production team.
We combine all of these incredible capabilities with over 15 years’ experience to deliver intelligent digital strategies that engage, convert and most importantly, produce results for your business.Digital marketing is simply marketing activities that occur on the internet. We utilise digital channels such as Google, social media, email and your own website to connect with your current and prospective customers.
Perhaps digital marketing hasn’t worked for you in the past and there are a variety of reasons why, but that doesn’t imply it won’t work for you now. Digital marketing may benefit any size company in any industry. We have over 800 digital marketing clients at zib digital, ranging in size from small businesses to huge national corporations.
To measure the success of your digital marketing efforts, you first need to determine your goals. Is it more leads, sales, brand exposure or social media presence that you want? The digital marketing strategies you choose will hugely impact your results. SEO, Google Ads, social media advertising or a combination of all three could be the answer. We are big on analysing the data and algorithms to drive business growth and we’ll make recommendations based on our in-depth research and analysis to help you achieve your business goals.
Digital marketing can work for any business, regardless of the size or niche. As the leading digital marketing company in Melbourne, we work to understand the consumer’s needs so we can create valuable content for them that drives real results. Regardless of your budget, using the right digital marketing strategies will have a huge impact on the overall performance of your business.
Let’s be honest, we’re all a little guilty of judging a book by its cover and the same can probably be said for your potential customers. In fact, recent studies have found that the lever most strongly associated with increased performance is high quality creative execution.
Our team of experienced UX and Digital Designers deliver creative solutions that not only drive engagement and sales but keep your customers coming back for more.
With so much misinformation and claims of overnight success out there, we understand it must be difficult knowing what to believe. It’s for this reason that we decided to develop a unique tool that demonstrates the realistic return on investment (ROI) you could expect from your investment. Our calculations aren’t speculative but rather based on well-established industry benchmarks and your very own business data.
Discover new growth opportunities for your business and book a demo of our ROI tool with the leaders in digital marketing Melbourne wide today!Our alliances help you to stay on top of innovations and use best practice to help create a winning strategy on the digital channels that are going to best serve your goals.Our alliances help you to stay on top of innovations and use best practice to help create a winning strategy on the digital channels that are going to best serve your goals and increase your performance and sales.Send us your details and we’ll be in touch to discuss booking your Discovery Session, and how we can help achieve your business goals. © 2022 Zib Digital. All rights reserved.Privacy Policy | Terms and Conditions