ecommerce SEO melbourne
Move a step ahead of your competitors with eCommerce SEO. The right eCommerce SEO strategy will ensure customers land on your site when they’re looking for a product that you offer. Enjoy more traffic, increased sales and greater profit with eCommerce SEO services from the team at Zib Digital. We can build a strategy that’s specific to the unique demands of your industry and brand. We’ll draw the right browsers to your website and entice them to buy.Our in-house team takes a hands-on creative approach, working closely with you at each step of the creative development process to produce a strong online presence for your business.
Zib Digital is a leading eCommerce SEO agency in Melbourne, helping brands of all sizes to achieve revenue growth. Our team of SEO specialists has experience across a wide range of verticals and different eCommerce platforms, including Shopify and WooCommerce. Our campaigns are targeted and always optimised to ensure the foundations for growth is stable. Get in touch, meet our team and take the next step in your business journey.
With a website health check, we’ll find out where your eCommerce site is performing well and where there’s room for improvement. We’ll then help you choose the most relevant keywords for your products, so users can find exactly what they’re looking for with their first click. Once our research is complete, we’ll build an eCommerce SEO package that’s right for your business.
Let’s chat
eCommerce SEO is considered its own discipline because Google gives extra attention to searches that involve selling. The customer journey is also different, and there are additional challenges, such as managing large product numbers. As an established eCommerce SEO agency, we’re agile and adaptive. We focus resources on optimising from multiple approaches to maximise potential returns.
Find out moreThere’s no time to be lazy or complacent when it comes to SEO. We think about the content your visitors will want to see and how we can deliver it to them. We then ensure they experience it in an engaging way that leads them to make a purchase. Our team of digital marketing specialists can also introduce new ways to attract people to your store, such as social media advertising and email marketing campaigns.
Let’s get startedThe digital marketing industry may be unregulated, but that doesn’t mean agencies should act this way. At Zib Digital, we commit ourselves to honesty and personal accountability. We apply ongoing efforts to help you maintain Google’s attention for the right reasons and receive traffic from new and existing visitors. While Google has a habit of changing their priorities, we make it our business to know what these are and act accordingly.
Leave it to the expertsWhether it’s eCommerce or not, SEO is an essential form of marketing when it comes to online businesses. A website with no traffic or less traffic is not likely to get many customers, but a well-optimised website with great content can attract maximum traffic. SEO can help your potential customers to find your store, increase your credibility and deliver a significant ROI.While the fundamentals of the service are the same, getting a page to rank well is different from ranking a product well. You need to think differently about SEO with eCommerce, and that’s where the experts at Zib Digital come in.We can optimise for various eCommerce store platforms like Magento, Shopify, WooCommerce and GoDaddy, etc. We understand how these platforms interact with search engine algorithms and can effectively optimise them to increase rankings and traffic.Yes! It’s not only possible to do SEO on Shopify websites, but it’s also possible to get some incredible results – we’ve experienced it first hand with a number of our clients. In fact, Shopify stores come with some useful things for SEO, such as a blog and the ability to redirect.
We don’t charge differently based on the fact you have an eCommerce store. We calculate pricing based on your marketing objectives, the quality of your desired keywords, the age of your website and the overall competitiveness of your industry. Since quality eCommerce SEO is a customised effort, there’s no “one size fits all” service or off-the-shelf cost. We request that you get in touch with our team for a quick call to get a suitable estimate.
A suitable SEO budget should be based on how competitive your campaign is and the return on investment that you expect to see. We request that you get in touch with our team to get a suitable estimate that works for you, your business and your budget.Let’s create an SEO plan that secures you the business you deserveTalk to an expert