Email marketing agency melbourne
By incorporating email into your marketing mix, you can keep your audience engaged, enhance your conversions, easily share offers, news and deals, and reinforce your brand. When used correctly, email marketing is an incredibly powerful tool, but it can be difficult to know what, when and how to send communications for the best results. Whether you’re looking to nurture leads, improve sales opportunities or remain top-of-mind, Zib Digital can deliver the email marketing services Melbourne businesses need. Let’s create email campaigns that positively impact your bottom line.Our in-house team takes a hands-on creative approach, working closely with you at each step of the creative development process to produce a strong online presence for your business.
We firmly believe that there’s no such thing as “one size fits all” in the marketing world, which is why your email marketing campaign will be designed for your brand and your brand alone. We can integrate email marketing and automation with your existing SEO, social media or Google Ads activities, and optimise all for maximum conversions. Attract, nurture and convert with Zib Digital.Our approach to email marketing is entirely data-driven. We work closely with your business to gain an understanding of your brand before engaging our team of expert marketers, copywriters and graphic designers to create a customised email marketing campaign. With our experience creating and distributing emails, our experts can create laser-targeted campaign strategies that deliver you the best results.
Let’s chat
Let us transform your email campaigns into beautiful messages that your database will want to engage with. Reinforce your brand, maintain customer connections and keep them engaged in your business. We can coordinate the whole process for you, from start to finish. From designing the layout to adding links and content, we know how to help you get the most from emails.
Find out more
Have a website but haven’t set up automated email responses? You’re missing out in a big way. Automated emails for abandoned carts, email link clicks and lead confirmations are all chances to connect with an already engaged audience. With the right knowledge, you can turn those opportunities into sales. Our email marketing Melbourne team uses the latest in automation software to enhance your database.
Let’s get startedWe’re driven by feedback and results. Once your email marketing campaign is underway, we’ll provide customised reports to measure success. These reports will reflect which marketing strategies are most effective, and which need some improvement, so you can easily test customer retention levels and conversions. We’re on your team, and we’re partners in your success.
Leave it to the expertsEmail marketing remains the most effective method of attracting and retaining customers. It’s the tool that allows you to reach out directly to customers. It can keep your business afloat, or propel it to a new level. According to the Direct Marketing Association, on average email marketing campaigns see a 4300% return on investment (ROI) for US businesses. Why? Because email marketing is easy to manage, allows you to establish direct contact with your customers and gives you full control.Marketing your products or services through email can be a fast, flexible and cost-effective way of retaining existing customers and reaching new customers by encouraging repeat website visits. Email marketing allows you to create highly targeted and personalised messages.Some of the most popular email marketing platforms include HubSpot, MailChimp, ActiveCampaign and Klaviyo. We can work with the existing email marketing platform you have or suggest a platform that’s right for your business, goals and budget.There are a number of ways to measure the success of your email marketing activities. The top three email marketing metrics are delivery rates, open rates and click-through rates. The benchmarks for these metrics will vary depending on factors such as industry. Before we begin any email marketing activities, we always discuss what success looks like for your business.Email automation refers to the ability to send time or action triggered emails to subscribers with relevant information based on the time or action. Email automation is useful for a variety of different marketing purposes.The best marketing teams use email automation to make their campaigns more accurate and empower their sales team with better leads. Using automation, marketers are better able to qualify leads and pass them onto sales, resulting in higher revenue and greater growth. Automating your email marketing can reduce your staffing costs, target potential customers and ultimately increase revenue. Let’s create an SEO plan that secures you the business you deserveTalk to an expert