Maximise your return with our in-house team focuses on business growth first, and with 15 years of successful results, we’re here to drive customers with intent to your website first and convert them.
Providing consistency in campaign performance for a business of any size.
Our team of professionally accredited Google Ads specialists pride themselves on applying industry best practices to all client campaigns. From local search to national eCommerce campaigns, we’ll get you in front of the right customers to grow your business.Every day in Australia, businesses of all sizes are finding new customers through Google Ads. As a Google Partner Agency, we’re recognised for our skill and expertise in managing advertising campaigns for our clients in the world’s largest search engine.
It’s easy to invest in SEM, however, it can be a huge waste of money if your campaign is targeting the wrong audience with irrelevant keywords. A successful campaign requires best-practice strategy, expert analysis and consistent monitoring, which only a certified Google Partner can deliver.
If you want to reach more potential customers, in the right place, with the right message, at the right time, consider pay-per-click (PPC) advertising on Google.
Zib Digital can show you how.
One of the most effective advertising tools available, Google Ads has the potential to not only drive traffic to your website but also help you sell more products and services online. In the right hands, it can spearhead your online marketing strategy and produce exceptional results. While investing in Google Ads may seem a bit daunting at first, you can rest assured that we’ll take care of everything for you, with transparent reporting and communication throughout the entire process.
Let’s chat
Reaching 90% of internet users worldwide, the Google Display Network helps your message reach people on their favourite websites, apps, and devices, whether it’s watching videos on YouTube or checking Gmail. The broad reach of a display campaign makes it a cost-effective alternative to print, TV or radio advertising. Using creative elements such as images, video and animation can help your brand message break through the noise and clutter online to connect with your customers.
Learn more
If you’re an e-commerce retailer and you‘re only using search and display campaigns, Google Shopping is a huge marketing opportunity for your business to explore. Shopping ads are specific and goal-optimised, allowing you to put highly tailored ads in front of your customers, with an emphasis on their needs and wants to maximise their likelihood to purchase. We’ve helped brands, big and small, to drive big returns in the online shopping space.
Learn more about SEO
Remarketing can help you drive sales and capture leads from prospects who have previously interacted with your website. It allows you to tactically position ads in front of these audiences as they browse Google or partner websites, helping you to increase your brand awareness or remind customers to make a purchase. Whether you’re looking to drive sales activity or promote brand awareness, remarketing will keep your brand top-of-mind and entice previous visitors back for more.
Leave it to the experts
We take a data-driven approach to everything we do and PPC advertising is no exception. By conducting extensive research, carefully monitoring and adjusting your ads and campaigns when needed, we ensure that they reach the right audience at the right time. We can tweak and refine your campaign month after month so you can continually improve your return on spend. We also utilise industry-leading data analysis tools to provide in-depth insights and discover new opportunities for you to attract customers.
Let’s create an ads plan that secures you the business you deserve.Talk to an expert