Google shopping agency
That's because the rest don't realise they have a problem yet.Our in-house team takes a hands-on creative approach, working closely with you at each step of the creative development process to produce a strong online presence for your business.
Management of your campaigns by a Google Shopping ads agency puts your eCommerce business directly in front of customers at the precise time they’re looking to buy. Our Google Shopping Melbourne specialists have plenty of experience helping businesses like yours grow through Google Shopping. We’ve helped brands, big and small, to drive big returns in this space. We achieve this by ensuring their ads are clear, engaging, targeted to your ideal audience and keyword optimised. We can do the same for your business.Before we set up the campaign or account, we craft a strategy. We’ll choose the different channels, campaign types, keyword lists, and messages to convey to your targeted audience. We begin with a full assessment of your business, website, products, competitors and opportunities. We then combine these insights with our know-how to develop a campaign to sell more of your most important products.
Let’s chatMeasuring efficiency is essential for successful Google Ads campaigns. Carefully deciding on the initial conversion action is key to good measurement and a well-structured campaign. With our deep knowledge of Google’s tools and targeting capabilities, your products will take centre stage. An image-rich advertisement on Google Shopping will direct more traffic through to your website, meaning more online sales.
Find out moreEach month we’ll optimise your campaigns. Optimisation may involve personalised ad copy, implementing different bid strategies and excluding irrelevant phrases. As an experienced Google Shopping agency and certified Google Partner, we believe in testing different set ups, channels, and messages to uncover more effective ways of reaching your audience. We can also show you how to master the Google Merchant Centre.
Let’s get startedExploring data in meaningful ways helps you make well-grounded business decisions. It brings better results and better ROI. That’s why we dedicate a talented Google Shopping management expert to your campaign to follow up the results and formulate a hard-hitting PPC model. With thorough monitoring and further optimisation, we have the means to take a good campaign and make it a great one.
Leave it to the expertsGoogle Shopping is an advertising opportunity provided by Google as part of Google Ads. When a user searches for a specific product on Google, they’ll see boxes with images, prices, retailer names and other product details. If the searcher clicks on a Google Shopping ad, they are directed to the advertiser’s website.Google Shopping Ads are ads that include rich product information, such as a product image, price, and merchant name. They’re created using data attributes from the product information you submit through the Google Merchant Center. These Ads are then shown to people who are already searching for the kinds of products that you advertise.To add your products to Google Shopping, you’ll need to set up a Google Merchant Centre account. This will then be linked with your Google Ads account. You’ll need a Google login for this. It sounds simple, but it can be complex to get your product feed data accurate. The Zib Digital team has a wealth of experience with the Google Merchant Centre and will ensure your Google Shopping campaigns are set up correctly.Sometimes known as Product Listing Ads (or PLAs), Google Shopping ads appear along the top, or often on the upper right-hand side, of a search results page when a user searches Google for a product.If you have the right Google Shopping Ads strategy, it can be a lucrative way to grow your eCommerce sales. Google Shopping makes your products visible at the exact moment people are searching for them and are most likely to purchase. Google pulls product information from the title of your product along with additional information on your website, so there are many more search terms that can drive people to your site.Your Google Shopping Ads are priced on a cost-per-click (CPC) basis. In other words, you’re bidding for the top spots. That means Google Shopping can cost you anywhere from $1 a day to more than $100 a day. It all depends on how much visibility you want your products to have.Let’s create an SEO plan that secures you the business you deserveTalk to an expert