We are looking for people with business acumen that enjoy talking to business owners and executives to join our growth advisor team.
You will have the opportunity to work with Australia’s leading brands and will benefit from a lucrative recurring revenue model that is supported by our proven infrastructure.
Scroll down
Industry: Sports apparel
Scale: National
Twelve days of giving
Puma Australia draws upon the brand’s unique global heritage in the latest sport and lifestyle trends to become one of Australia’s most successful companies in its category. Working with creative partners, Leap Agency, Zib was briefed by Puma to deploy a new campaign for the festive season, designed to drive brand recognition, loyalty and sales like never before.
Social media advertising
National SEO
Objectives
Maintain sales momentum from the traditionally busy month of November into the quieter December period when fans were a little “shopped out.”
Grow the Puma Australia email database by 15,000 subscribers. Normally, 500 new subscribers in a month is a good result.
Social ad ROAS
20x
return on social advertising spend consistently
Organic revenue
1200%
increase in revenue in the second campaign month
Website traffic
437%
increase in website traffic
Client referral
referral prompted NCC to engage with us
The campaign was hugely successful, over-delivering on all KPIs (including new database signups) and smashing sales expectations. It delivered the highest 24-hour sales periods in Puma e-commerce history, worldwide. The campaign became a global case study and set a new strategic and creative benchmark for Puma eCommerce campaigns.
Jun 2018
May 2019
Aug 2020
Organic Users
13680
13156
27283
A$9175.99
a$69,322.43
a$225,068.32
Organic Transactions
160
551
Social Ads Link Clicks
2077
4701
Social Ads Revenue
A$21,851
A$131,631.09
Social Ads Transactions
263
Work your
own hours
Recurring
revenue modelOperational &
production supportBuild a 7 figure
businessRight now, is an exciting time to become a growth specialist with Zib. Businesses need a digital strategy now more than ever. We have created a proven framework, that is tried and tested, to deliver results for our clients. To help you succeed, we have developed a financial modelling tool to forecast the potential of your earnings as a growth specialist.
To book a no obligation chat and see a demo of our financial modelling, click below to learn more.As a Zib Digital Growth Specialist, you'll have access to proven systems, resources, and a brand that will enable you to grow your business without limits.
We pride ourselves on our operation and production teams, who will offer you their wealth of experience and industry knowledge to help build your successful digital marketing business.Our comprehensive and quality training program fosters an environment in which you feel supported and equipped with the tools you need to succeed. We will train you on our systems, processes and sales techniques and you'll have ongoing access to some of the best minds in the industry.Our production team is over 100 strong and your franchise will benefit from the expertise of our specialists in SEO, Google Ads, Social Media, Strategy Development, Email Automation, Design and Web Development.
You’ll be provided access to a number of tools such as Zib Digital’s CRM, project management system, HR and Finance, just to name a few. We’ll also take care of client management and billing so you’re able to focus on more important things.
We have worked tirelessly to build trust and confidence in the Zib Digital brand. Not only will you enjoy this brand equity, but you’ll also directly benefit from our ongoing international brand advertising.
We’ve built and marketed websites and digital campaigns in a wide variety of industries both within Australia and internationally. With over 800 clients on board ranging from electricians to national sportswear retailers, we’ve proven we can deliver results for everyone.Yes, there is a fee to secure your opportunity in this business. You’ll need some working capital to get you through until sales are secured and to cover some business set up costs.
No. It can help but most of our most successful salespeople had no history in digital. They have good business acumen so can easily engage a small business owner or an executive. We have acres of digital knowledge to share in the business. Some familiarity is always a bonus, but it is not required.
Yes. We are big on training both business and digital. We blend training with support in the initial stages of selling to ensure you have plenty of practical real-world experiences. Zib want people to succeed and we are as committed to that success as you are.Yes. We encourage our teams to drive sales to a level that putting an account manager on make sense. It’s a logical path many of our team have made and it provides an evolving career path.
No. Our finance teams operate all billing on your behalf and provide the funds when clients pay. Zib operate an efficient business with virtually no creditors as our clients pay monthly in advance.Simple – you and your team. There is so much opportunity we’d be lucky to have 1% of marketing spend in any country. Our success is built off our sales team approaching people, targeting businesses, building relationships and referral. It works well as we have a very relevant service offering. Any business or organisation that wants to grow... that’s our client.
Both. It’s a terrific business model you share in the upfront revenue from a client and then all monthly billing for the life of the client with Zib.
As Founder and CEO, I started this business to enable digital marketing to have a significant impact on the growth and success of our clients. Easy words to write, but hard to execute in practice. That being said, Zib is successfully helping hundreds of clients to grow and prosper.
History will show, despite being 25 years since the internet came to life we’re still in the infancy of the digital era, and it’s a tremendously exciting time to be part of the digital marketing landscape. Our growth has been significant, and we have an outstanding team that are great at what we do, with an enjoyable culture.
Good people, doing good things for good clients.Zib Digital CEO and FounderRegister today to become a Zib Digital Growth Specialist
Register today to become a Zib Digital Franchisee
“We’ve worked with 3-4 agencies over the years. When we finally met with Zib Digital we felt aligned – and the results have spoken for themselves. Transparency on the results and data really help us make informed marketing decisions.”
Martin Halphen
The FruitBox Group Founder and CEO
“Our main priority is getting genuine leads. Zib Digital came in with a plan and delivered on their promises. The leads keep coming in and now we have to expand our business. Working with Zib is possibly the best thing we’ve chosen to do.”
Ryan
Assured Roofing Owner
“ I had a vision that I wanted to be on the first page of Google for Florist Melbourne, and now we are. We have had over 600% organic growth. We wouldn’t have been able to grow so quickly without Zib.”
Russell Brooks
Amazing Graze Flowers Owner
© 2022 Zib Digital. All rights reserved.Privacy Policy | Terms and Conditions