Figuring out how to convert website visitors into customers is some of the most sought after knowledge in the marketing industry. High amounts of web traffic are great for brand awareness, but if none of those browsers are actually turning into customers, something probably needs to change. Increasing your website’s conversion rate can take some trial and error, so we’re put together a list of tried and true methods to increase your conversion rate.
Cut out unnecessary form fields
Keep your contact forms short, sharp and shiny. Potential customers are easily put off by too many fields to fill out on a form – in fact, market research has found that signups increase by around 10% with each form field removed. Keep it to a minimum, only asking for the essential information you need to achieve your goals while still having enough information to be able to follow up with the customer.
Boost your customer cred
Make sure customers can clearly see that other consumers have tried and loved whatever it is that you offer. Provide testimonials and reviews from other customers and display any applicable logos to show off the brands you work with or provide services for. This will show website visitors that you’re well loved and can be trusted.
Make it as easy as possible
Potential customers don’t want to have to work for it – that’s your job! Make the first step of signing up for your offer as simple as possible. We recommend initially asking website visitors for their email address – after they’ve given you that, prompt them to complete a more detailed contact form. Once their foot is in the door, they’re more likely to provide you with more information. If not, however, you’ll still have their email address to add to your email marketing list.
Fine tune your customer service
If a potential customer is on the fence about purchasing your product or service, poor customer service can turn them away in the blink of an eye. We suggest adding a live chat feature to your site and ensuring a team member is available to answer any questions the visitor may have. Consumers who can get the information they need on the spot – without even leaving the page – are far more likely to be converted into customers.
Perfect your copy
Copy is everything – a headline can either make or break a potential conversion. Research shows that 80% of website visitors will read the headline, but only 20% will read the rest of the page’s copy. Experiment with different copy variables like wording, length, tone, and use of stats or numbers until you find something that works. While you’re at it, tweak your CTA copy to be as strong as possible. Avoid generics and opt for something more specific to your offer: “Yes, I want my !” will undoubtedly hook a lot more conversions than something bland like “Sign up now”.
The seemingly small details of your user journey all add up to create a customer experience – it’s up to you whether that experience is effective in converting customers or not. Tweak, test and tweak some more until you find what works best for your site. For personalised Marketing advice on converting more customers, contact the Zib Digital team today.