It’s no secret that 2020 has significantly increased how much time we spend in front of a screen. With more of us working from home, we’ve been deprived of the moments in the day that we would normally escape from behind a computer. Now, meetings, brainstorming sessions and client visits are all held online.
It’s been reported that daytime internet usage has increased by 70-80%. In the corporate world, Zoom had a big win in 2020, becoming the unofficial platform for web meetings everywhere. However, these trends have spilled over into our personal lives as well, with more people than ever scrolling their apps to kill time in quarantine or catch up on what’s going on in the world.
While excessive screen time hours and increased usage of apps may be viewed as negative, it’s been instrumental in making people feel more connected across a world that’s never been more divided. Social media has assisted people all over the globe to combat isolation and loneliness in this unprecedented year.
In fact, Hootsuite has stated that over half of the world’s population is now active on social media due to a high rise in baby boomer adoption of popular platforms such as Pinterest and Facebook usually used to connect with loved ones.
There are several social platforms that have come out ahead during the pandemic with Tik Tok becoming the addiction of many housebound employees and pandemic procrastinators. Although 69% of users are 18-24 years of age, many brands have successfully utilised the app to launch marketing efforts. Facebook launched its popular Reels feature after seeing the rise in popularity from its competitor.
Pinterest use has increased throughout the pandemic with many turning to the established site for tips on how to DIY or take on one of the many quarantine kitchen trends (homemade pizza dough, banana bread and dalgona coffee - we’re looking at you).
Facebook dominated usage reports with 43% of people stating that it was their first choice of app during the pandemic, aided by an older group of late adopters. With the rollout of their new Shop feature, they’ve seamlessly integrated e-commerce into their platform and capitalised on the surge of online shopping this year. Instagram remains a favourite among the under-30 crowd who prefer short-form content.
This year has also solidified social media’s search function as a tool for research. That means social apps are starting to become as useful as search engines for consumers looking to gain valuable information about new brands. A quick scroll on Instagram can tell you a lot about a product or service offering in a visually appealing way, while YouTube caters to those seeking video solutions.
Social media ads are showing increased effectiveness, with AdAge reporting 51% of people had made a purchase through a social media ad this year. Not to mention that the cost per million has actually decreased, making social media advertising a popular choice during the pandemic and one that actually paid off.
Our Social Media Specialist, Brigitte Yoseski, weighs in on what lies ahead in 2021. Here are our top 5 predictions for trending success on social media next year:
1. SEO drives organic Instagram visibility
When it comes to gear up for 2021, especially with Instagram marketing, there is one thing that all marketers should take advantage of - SEO Sydney. We’ll be diving deeper into this in the new year with specific SEO tips and tricks.
2. Reels ignite organic Instagram exposure
Though there is plenty of fun and fancy features rolling out for marketing on Instagram, the trend is clearly moving towards video - especially short-form video, following in the footsteps of Tik Tok's whirlwind success.
3. Brick & mortar stores embrace the shift to Instagram shopping
For businesses that have had to pivot and become accustomed to the ‘new normal’ in 2020, increasing knowledge of e-commerce will be the key to driving sales and ensuring a consistent inflow of income into the new year.
4. Brands must humanise
Smart businesses will understand that being transparent, authentic, and even vulnerable is smart marketing. People connect with people. This means personifying brands in a way that reveals who and what they stand for.
5. Facebook Advertising success is tied to the customer lifecycle
As the online marketplace continues to become more saturated and Facebook advertising costs continue to rise, returning to the foundational aspects of running ad campaigns on Facebook and Instagram will be critical to success.
We’ve seen increased usage across multiple platforms and social media companies have responded quickly and effectively to increased demand. With social media connecting the world to news, entertainment and communication features that consumers deem daily necessities, social media growth doesn’t seem to be slowing down anytime soon.
Zib Digital offers industry-leading digital marketing work to enhance business efforts. As specialists in an ever-growing industry, we help businesses facilitate an earned space for themselves within the digital landscape by focusing on clear and knowledgeable web content, comprehensive social media plans and top-ranked SEO websites. Get in touch to discuss a specific social media marketing strategy for your business.