Social media management
Social media advertising
Industry: Financial services
Business size: 201-500 employees
Scale: National
As the leading fintech company in Australasia, Liberty Financial provides free-thinking loans across a range of products. The business is constantly looking at innovative ways to grow and while they do most of their marketing in-house, they chose to outsource their SEO and Google Adwords with a focus on increasing brand performance and engaging audiences more effectively online. With the consumer landscape continually shifting and evolving, it is essential for their digital marketing strategy to be frequently revisited and optimised. Liberty Financial felt confident that Zib could drive and support sustained growth through the creation and execution of a long-term plan with continual optimisation and capitalisation on new growth opportunities.
SEO
Google Ads
Objectives
Build a long-term plan for growth.
Engage a digital agency as an extension of in-house marketing team who can support digital transformation, company growth and engage audiences effectively online.
Optimise current digital outputs and make key improvements.
React in real-time to changing industry trends by establishing the right tracking, measurement and analytics across digital marketing.
Organic Traffic
50%
Increase in organic website traffic year on year
Search Rankings
100%
Keywords now appear in top 3 Google search results
Paid Leads
80%
Increase in Google Adwords leads
Cost Per Conversion
70%
Decrease in average CPC
In the past, Liberty Financial found that agencies they engaged weren’t providing any transparency around results. Looking for more than a traditional agency-client relationship where static reports and generic monthly meetings are the norm, Liberty Financial were on the hunt for an innovative agency that would provide support when they needed it. Funnily enough, the team at Liberty Financial came across Zib through Zib’s own SEO efforts.
In the past year with Zib, Liberty Financial’s organic website traffic has doubled, with an increase of 80% in paid leads and a 70% reduction on average cost per conversion. Liberty Financial now ranks in the top 3 search results on Google for all of their major keywords. Through total transparency and real-time dynamic results facilitating business expansion, Liberty Financial now see Zib as an extension of their marketing team and appreciate the fact they have a direct line of contact with Zib team members, allowing them to have constructive meetings and quick turnaround times on new strategies. The two teams work closely together and have established a strong professional relationship built on trust and real results.
Jun 2018
May 2019
Aug 2020
Organic Users
13680
13156
27283
Organic revenue
A$9175.99
a$69,322.43
a$225,068.32
Organic Transactions
160
551
Social Ads Link Clicks
2077
4701
Social Ads Revenue
A$21,851
A$131,631.09
Social Ads Transactions
263
Any size, any sector, our specialist team can achieve great results for you.
Book a complementary initial consultation to find out more.