Local SEO agency Melbourne
When people search locally, they’re usually ready to buy, or at the very least, they want to visit you and learn more. The right strategy from your local SEO agency in Melbourne can help your business stand out when people search for your service in your area. At Zib Digital, we specialise in bringing local customers to local businesses with targeted solutions. We use proven strategies to effectively deliver local SEO Melbourne businesses need. Let your local area know that you’re exactly what they’re looking for with local SEO.People love supporting local businesses. But if they can’t find you easily, they’ll go elsewhere. Around 50% of people who do a local search on a mobile device will visit a store within 24 hours. So if you’re not doing local SEO, you’re losing many potential customers. Our local SEO strategies are as much about increasing your visibility within your area and growing your brand as they are about ranking on Google’s front page.Regardless of your industry, we can tailor a solution for your business. Any business with a physical location or that serves a geographic area can benefit from local SEO. With recent growth in internet access, mobile search has exploded, and local SEO has become hugely important for the success of any business that offers products or services locally. With years of search engine marketing experience, know what works and what doesn’t. Discover more about local SEO services Melbourne wide at Zib Digital.People love supporting local businesses. But if they can’t find you easily, they’ll go elsewhere. Around 50% of people who do a local search on a mobile device will visit a store within 24 hours. So if you’re not doing local SEO, you’re losing many potential customers. Our local SEO strategies are as much about increasing your visibility within your area and growing your brand as they are about ranking on Google’s front page.
Let’s chatWe’ll look at all the elements required to create a successful strategy. Creating new website copy with your chosen keywords is just the first step to improving organic visibility on local search. We also spend time optimising your Google My Business (GMB) listing. Around 56% of local businesses are yet to claim and verify their GMB listing, even though it’s one of the most critical local SEO tools available.
Start optimisingWhether your campaign is local, national or international, we maintain the same dedication to long-term gain. We don’t just set up SEO and move on – we continue to make adjustments, refine and improve along the way. Our team tracks what tactics have worked well and which ones need to be tweaked. Crucially, our local SEO company Melbourne team knows what will deliver the best long term results.
Let’s growThe temptation to accelerate to the top of the search engine rankings can be very strong, but the short term gains are not worth the longer term pain. There are real risks associated with trying to ‘trick’ the search engines. Big brands have been penalised in the past, and we don’t believe the risks are worth taking. If you step outside the ‘rules’ you should expect to be penalised. We use only proven, ethical techniques and our success shows their impact.
Leave it to the expertsLocal SEO is all about location. It involves all the usual elements of SEO, but with a local focus. Local SEO typically focuses on city or town names because people will commonly add these to their search when they want to find something nearby, e.g. “salons in Footscray.” With the right local SEO strategy, Google will start associating your business with a particular area, boosting your presence in search results and the community.Local results in Google are primarily based on three elements: relevance, distance, and prominence. When combined, they help to find the best match for your search. Using the right keywords, writing localised content, and getting the most out of your Google My Business listing are just some of the things we can do to help you improve your local Google ranking.With the right campaign strategy in place, SEO can work for any business. We provide SEO services in Adelaide to a wide variety of clients across many industries, from start-ups to local brick-and-mortar stores as well as global organisations. No client is too big or small for us, because it all comes down to the right strategy.Every type of business is striving to establish an online presence, which means any business, irrespective of size or industry, can opt for local SEO services – regardless of size or industry. Whether you’re just starting out and want to get a foothold in your local market before expanding, or you want to maximise your impact and visibility into surrounding suburbs, Zib Digital can design and execute a strategy to help you reach your full potential.Many SEO agencies will have you choose a fixed-price SEO package. At Zib Digital, we do things a little differently. We don’t believe that there’s a one-size-fits-all solution when it comes to SEO campaigns, because so many factors come into play. Our pricing is based on how competitive your campaign is because this is what determines the amount of research, optimisation and maintenance required to deliver the rankings you desire. However, you should expect to pay upwards of $750 for a local campaign.We don’t believe that any local SEO provider should guarantee to achieve a top Google ranking. While we use proven strategies that have worked for hundreds of clients, we also understand that no two campaigns are the same. There are simply too many variables within a campaign to be able to make this promise. It’s best to be wary of any company that guarantees top spot rankings. It’s usually just a marketing gimmick.One of the biggest differences is the way people search. Traditional SEO looks to find the most relevant content, while local SEO looks for locations or businesses. For example, searches such as “Richmond pizza” and “car dealer in Hawthorn” suggest that the user has local intent. There’s also a much stronger inclination of purchase, which dramatically alters the types of pages that Google will display on their search engine results.Let’s create an SEO plan that secures you the business you deserve.Talk to an expert