As the premier SEO agency in Geelong, our expertise lies in helping businesses of all sizes enhance their organic traffic, establish connections with new customers and ultimately boost sales, market share and overall growth.
Every business is unique but the ultimate goal of a successful SEO strategy remains the same: to establish your business as an authoritative and original source of content in the eyes of search engines. Our mission is not only to achieve this for your business but also to ensure its long term sustainability.
While achieving results is our primary focus, we firmly believe that building strong relationships yields the best outcomes. This principle is one of the many reasons why numerous clients choose to stay with us for the long run as their partner SEO agency in Geelong. With a wealth of experience from hundreds of successful SEO campaigns, we possess a substantial collection of data and case studies to demonstrate that you can trust our expertise as the leading SEO company in Geelong.Through our SEO service, Geelong businesses can trust us to prioritise their needs above all else. Our approach is characterised by a commitment to ease and transparency, ensuring a seamless process and delivering exceptional results.
4.9
Google Reviews
Our advanced SEO strategies are carefully planned and achieved through strategic and active management. As the most successful SEO company in Geelong, we are all about the data, the algorithms, and the results.
60+
300+
97%
4151
72%
For over 15 years, we’ve helped grow businesses in a wide variety of industries, both here in Australia and internationally. With over 800 clients on board ranging from trades to national sportswear retailers, we’ve proven we are the SEO company Geelong businesses can rely on to deliver results for anyone and everyone.
SEO is the most profitable marketing channel to grow a business. And with 65% of traffic coming from the first three organic results, that’s where you want to be.
What is SEO
and why does it matter?
The ultimate goal of SEO is to help a website rank higher in search engine results. As organic search is a critical component of the buyer funnel, businesses that achieve greater visibility in organic search results drive more traffic to their website, increasing their chances for more conversions.
SEO is the most viable and cost-effective way to reach your customers when it matters and at zib digital, we have the experience, knowledge, business acumen and IP to get you to the top, thanks to our team of 60+ SEO specialists.
WANT TO KNOW MORE?
What’s the difference between
local and national SEO?
The biggest difference between local and national SEO is the audiences they target, while the goals and principles of each type of SEO campaign mostly the same. Local SEO is the way to go for business owners looking to target local clients. Targeting potential customers in a particular area requires keywords that are geographically focused, with the primary objective of this strategy to make a brand known among the locals. Compared to national SEO, local SEO is cheaper and there is generally less competition.
National SEO aims to get customers from all over the country, so this strategy is best for online businesses and those businesses where location is irrelevant. A national SEO strategy will require more general keywords to reach your audience, which many other similar businesses are likely already targeting. The intense competition for national keywords can make it especially difficult to rank well in search engines.
After a successful career in trade sales for the mechanical and electrical industries, Matt Jackson now helps businesses of all sizes thrive in the digital space.
As a Growth Specialist, Matt is your ambassador, expertly leveraging the skills and experience of Zib’s team to develop and implement growth strategies to meet your business objectives and give you the competitive edge. He’s also a really nice guy.
Get in touch with Matt today and find out how he can help your business get a leg up on the competition.What have you been doing, what makes you different, what are your challenges, where do you want to go? The more we know, the better our team of specialists are able to propose recommendations that meet your requirements and provides the greatest ROI.
Our Kickstart Strategy was designed to identify the right opportunities and channels that will help create long term growth for your business. This begins with taking the time to get to know you and your business.This is our initial meeting where we discover what makes you tick, the ins and outs of your business, and what your conversion goals are. The more you can tell us, the better equipped our team will be to offer an effective growth strategy.Information gathered from the Learning session is shared with our production team, who use their wealth of expertise and experience to develop an initial growth strategy and recommendations that we believe will help you reach your goals.During the Workshop we present our initial growth strategy, address any outstanding concerns we should take into consideration, and demonstrate through our ROI tool, your expected return on investment from each channel.By now, we’ve gotten to know each other quite well. Your Growth Specialist will take the time to walk you through our proposed digital strategy, channel recommendations, and the associated costs. Then there’s only one thing left to do… grow your business!Month on month, 97% of our SEO clients choose to stick with usOver 100 million impressions from Meta advertising alone*
* YTD 2022 (As of 13 September 2022)On average, our eComm clients achieve an over 8:1 return on ad spend via paid mediaThere’s never been a more crucial time for a business to maximise its online presence in the most effective way possible. There are many great websites, but if yours is buried in search results and consumers can’t find you online, you essentially don’t exist. As the leaders in SEO Geelong wide, zib digital is here to help you solve that problem. SEO is our trademark service, and we’ve helped hundreds of businesses over the years to achieve first page results for the keywords that matter most. As a leading SEO company, Geelong businesses can rely on us to help you directly target those searching for your products or services. Book an SEO consultation to explore how you can use SEO to improve your bottom line.We’re not like any other SEO agency in Geelong, and we know that your business is unique, too. That means you need a personalised SEO strategy for your business – not something off the shelf. As an experienced SEO agency Geelong, we’ll thoroughly analyse your target market to determine the competitiveness and search volume of your industry. From here, we’re able to select the most valuable keywords to form the basis for your individual SEO campaign. We’ll help you select keywords that are highly relevant to both you and your consumer so that you’re well-positioned on Google when you need to be found. From there, we’ll determine exactly what’s needed to give you the very best results SEO can offer.Unlike many other Geelong SEO agencies, we take the time to define your business goals and values at the very beginning. We only ever recommend the services and strategies that we believe will work for your business. This means our first step is to understand your business inside and out. Only then can we produce custom SEO content to elevate your business and better connect with your target audience. The content on your website not only needs to contain your selected keywords but is also organised in a logical way. And, when your content is understood by more people, they’ll stay longer, which can help your Google rankings.SEO isn’t something you do once. It requires constant optimisation and active monthly actions as well as measurement to improve and retain rankings. We’ll stay on top of how your competitors are performing concerning your rankings. We’ll also make any necessary changes to your website that will help to improve your position. Google changes its ranking algorithm regularly, so it’s important to have a devoted SEO company Geelong on your team. We’ll keep on top of what’s new, and periodically review your website to make sure none of Google’s changes will impact your rankings. If they do, we’ll refine our approach.We’re the SEO agency in Geelong that will crunch the numbers every month to ensure you’re performing at your peak and provide monthly reports. The purpose of SEO reporting is twofold. Firstly, an SEO report can be used to identify areas of your site that require improvement. Secondly, they can be used to monitor campaign progress and measure impact. SEO is a long game, and while great results don’t happen overnight, they do happen. We’ll put in the hard work to get your business where you want it to be.Blogging and the creation of premium articles enables our clients to reach a wider range of search queries by boosting your website’s visibility in search results. In short, if you’re not blogging and generating backlinks for your website, you’re missing out on a lot of potential visitors.
Creating unique, fresh content for your website and generating high quality backlinks can be particularly helpful when you are trying to rank for certain keywords as well as providing a boost to national keywords and major metro keywords that are highly competitive or difficult to rank.
Zib Digital is a big team, with over 140+ digital specialists spread across both Australia and New Zealand.
This is what makes us different. When you partner with us, you don’t just get help from a single marketing professional – your business benefits from our SEO masters, Google Ads specialists, social media experts, digital design geniuses, email gurus, and savvy strategists… and that’s just the production team.
We combine all of these incredible capabilities with over 15 years’ experience to deliver intelligent digital strategies that engage, convert, and most importantly, produce results for your business.
Hiring an experienced and proven SEO Geelong company is imperative for an online business and here are some of the most common reasons why. A team of SEO specialists will have extensive experience in the field and will be constantly optimising your website and taking actions to increase performance. In addition, they know the competitors and know various tricks to help make your business stand out from the crowd. With the help of SEO experts, businesses can expect more conversions and traffic to their online business.Every online business is different and has unique requirements, so it’s hard to provide a precise answer to this question. To get an accurate quote, you need to approach a reputable SEO company in Geelong that can monitor the progress of your online business and suggest an SEO service as well as set expectations around duration and results.Using an SEO company in Geelong and not getting the results you were looking for is a very common problem. In fact, most people that call us are in this situation and often have a negative view or very little trust in SEO companies. zib digital is different because we have a team of experienced strategists that are constantly researching the next Google algorithm update and adjusting our proven SEO methods to ensure your website rankings remain safe and stable. All you need to do is look at our own rankings as proof of our SEO abilities.The main difference between push and pull marketing lies in how consumers are approached. The idea behind push marketing is to promote products by pushing them onto people. Examples include radio, television and social media advertising. Push marketing is great for developing brand awareness. While it does generate leads, it’s not as effective as pull marketing for creating conversions. Pull marketing draws consumers to the products, and as research shows, has much higher conversion rates. Google Ads and SEO are great examples of pull marketing.Yes, both these digital marketing strategies are different in terms of objectives. SEO is a process of improving organic positions on various search engines. On the other hand, PPC (pay-per-click) focuses on investing a budget for advertising and promoting your website or products. PPC gives quick results, whereas SEO takes time. Both strategies are very effective, especially when used together.There’s a lot of misinformation out there and many claims of overnight success, so we understand that it can be difficult knowing what to believe. It’s for this reason that we decided to develop a unique tool that demonstrates the realistic return on investment (ROI) you could expect from your SEO investment with zib digital. Our calculations aren’t speculative, rather they are based on well-established industry benchmarks and your very own business data.
Discover new growth opportunities for your business and book a demo of our ROI tool today!
We share our thoughts and insights as well as the latest developments on all things digital. Get caught up, boost your industry knowledge and stay ahead of the competition.
Our alliances help you to stay on top of innovations and use best practice to help create a winning strategy on the digital channels that are going to best serve your goals.Our alliances help you to stay on top of innovations and use best practice to help create a winning strategy on the digital channels that are going to best serve your goals and increase your performance and sales.Send us your details and we’ll be in touch to discuss booking a Discovery Session, and how we can help achieve your business goals. © 2022 Zib Digital. All rights reserved.Privacy Policy | Terms and Conditions