Welcome to Melbourne's most trusted SEO agency. Our seasoned SEO specialists help businesses of all sizes enhance their organic traffic, establish connections with new customers and ultimately boost sales, market share and overall growth.
Every business is unique, but a successful SEO strategy shares a common goal: establishing your business as an authoritative and original content source in search engines' eyes. Our mission is to achieve this and ensure long-term success.
While achieving results is our top priority, we believe strong relationships yield the best outcomes. This approach has earned us lifetime partnerships with numerous clients, cementing our position as a trusted SEO agency in Melbourne. With hundreds of successful campaigns under our belt, our extensive data and case studies demonstrate our expertise as Melbourne's leading SEO company.Melbourne businesses can trust our SEO service to prioritise their needs, ensuring a seamless and transparent process that delivers exceptional results.
4.9
Google Reviews
As Melbourne's leading SEO company, we focus on data, algorithms and results. Our advanced SEO strategies are carefully planned and actively managed to achieve optimal outcomes.
60+
300+
97%
4151
72%
For over 15 years, we've helped businesses of all sizes and industries grow, from trades to national sportswear retailers. With over 800 clients, we've proven ourselves as the reliable SEO partner for anyone seeking results.SEO is the most lucrative marketing channel for business growth. With 65% of traffic coming from the top three organic results, our expertise can help you secure a spot and drive success.
What is SEO and how does it work?
SEO's ultimate goal is to boost a website's search engine ranking, driving more traffic and conversions. As organic search plays a crucial role in the buyer funnel, increased visibility translates to greater opportunities for success.
SEO is the most cost-effective way to connect with customers at the right moment. At Zib Digital, our team of 60+ SEO specialists possesses the expertise, knowledge and business acumen to propel your website to the top, ensuring maximum online visibility and impact.
WANT TO KNOW MORE?
Local vs National SEO: What's the Difference?
Local SEO targets local clients with geographically focused keywords, aiming to increase brand visibility in a specific area. It's cost-effective and has less competition.
National SEO targets customers nationwide, ideal for online businesses or those with no location constraints. It requires broader keywords, faces intense competition and is more challenging to rank.
After a successful career in trade sales for the mechanical and electrical industries, Matt Jackson now helps businesses of all sizes thrive in the digital space.
As a Growth Specialist, Matt is your ambassador, expertly leveraging the skills and experience of Zib’s team to develop and implement growth strategies to meet your business objectives and give you the competitive edge. He’s also a really nice guy.
Get in touch with Matt today and find out how he can help your business get a leg up on the competition.What have you been doing, what makes you different, what are your challenges, where do you want to go? The more we know, the better our team of specialists are able to propose recommendations that meet your requirements and provides the greatest ROI.
Our Kickstart Strategy was designed to identify the right opportunities and channels that will help create long term growth for your business. This begins with taking the time to get to know you and your business.This is our initial meeting where we discover what makes you tick, the ins and outs of your business, and what your conversion goals are. The more you can tell us, the better equipped our team will be to offer an effective growth strategy.Information gathered from the Learning session is shared with our production team, who use their wealth of expertise and experience to develop an initial growth strategy and recommendations that we believe will help you reach your goals.During the Workshop we present our initial growth strategy, address any outstanding concerns we should take into consideration, and demonstrate through our ROI tool, your expected return on investment from each channel.By now, we’ve gotten to know each other quite well. Your Growth Specialist will take the time to walk you through our proposed digital strategy, channel recommendations, and the associated costs. Then there’s only one thing left to do… grow your business!Month on month, 97% of our SEO clients choose to stick with usOver 100 million impressions from Meta advertising alone*
* YTD 2022 (As of 13 September 2022)On average, our eComm clients achieve an over 8:1 return on ad spend via paid mediaThere’s never been a more crucial time for a business to maximise its online presence in the most effective way possible. With many great websites available, if yours is buried in search results and consumers can’t find you online, you essentially don’t exist. As leaders in SEO Melbourne, we help businesses like yours rise to the top of search results and reach their target audience.We understand every business is unique, so we create tailored SEO strategies. Our approach involves analysing your target market, identifying valuable keywords and selecting the most relevant ones for your campaign. This ensures you're visible on Google when it matters.Unlike many other Melbourne SEO agencies, we take the time to understand your business goals and values, recommending only effective services and strategies. Our custom SEO content is hand-crafted with humans in mind designed to elevate your business and connect with your target audience. By organising content logically and incorporating selected keywords in a way that reads well for the user, we improve engagement and Google rankings.SEO requires continuous optimisation, measurement and adaptation to maintain rankings. We monitor competitors, make necessary website changes and stay up-to-date with Google's algorithm updates to ensure your position improves. We’ll keep on top of what’s new and periodically review your website to make sure none of Google’s changes will impact your rankings. If they do, we’ll refine our approach.We provide monthly reports to ensure peak performance, identify areas for improvement and measure campaign progress. SEO is a long-term strategy and our reports help you track impact and stay informed. We’ll put in the hard work to get your business where you want it to be.Blogging and premium articles boost website visibility, reaching a wider range of search queries. Unique, fresh content and high-quality backlinks can improve keyword rankings, especially in competitive markets. Contact our team of copywriting and SEO experts to learn more about how we can help your business grow.
With 140+ digital specialists across Australia and New Zealand, we're a powerhouse of expertise. Our team includes SEO experts, Google Ads specialists, social media masters, digital design geniuses and strategists. For over 15 years, we've combined our capabilities to deliver intelligent digital strategies that engage your audience, convert leads and drive results for your business. Partner with us and tap into our collective expertise.
Hiring an experienced and proven SEO Melbourne Company is imperative for an online business and here are some of the most common reasons why. A team of SEO specialists will have extensive experience in the field and will be constantly optimising your website and taking actions to increase performance. In addition, they know the competitors and know various tricks to help make your business stand out from the crowd. With the help of SEO experts, businesses can expect more conversions and traffic to their online business.Every online business is different and has unique requirements, so it’s hard to provide a precise answer to this question. To get an accurate quote, you need to approach a reputable SEO company in Melbourne that can monitor the progress of your online business and suggest an SEO service as well as set expectations around duration and results.Using an SEO company in Melbourne and not getting the results you were looking for is a very common problem. In fact, most people that call us are in this situation and often have a negative view or very little trust in SEO companies. zib digital is different because we have a team of experienced strategists that are constantly researching the next Google algorithm update and adjusting our proven SEO methods to ensure your website rankings remain safe and stable. All you need to do is look at our own rankings as proof of our SEO abilities.The main difference between push and pull marketing lies in how consumers are approached. The idea behind push marketing is to promote products by pushing them onto people. Examples include radio, television and social media advertising. Push marketing is great for developing brand awareness. While it does generate leads, it’s not as effective as pull marketing for creating conversions. Pull marketing draws consumers to the products, and as research shows, has much higher conversion rates. Google Ads and SEO are great examples of pull marketing.Yes, both these digital marketing strategies are different in terms of objectives. SEO is a process of improving organic positions on various search engines. On the other hand, PPC (pay-per-click) focuses on investing a budget for advertising and promoting your website or products. PPC gives quick results, whereas SEO takes time. Both strategies are very effective, especially when used together.With misinformation and unrealistic promises surrounding SEO, it's natural to have doubts. That's why we created a unique tool to provide a realistic picture of your potential return on investment (ROI) with Zib Digital. Our calculations are based on industry benchmarks and your business data, ensuring accuracy and reliability.
Book a demo of our ROI tool today and discover new opportunities for growth!
Read more about our thoughts and insights as well as the latest developments on all things digital.
Our alliances help you to stay on top of innovations and use best practice to help create a winning strategy on the digital channels that are going to best serve your goals.Our alliances help you to stay on top of innovations and use best practice to help create a winning strategy on the digital channels that are going to best serve your goals and increase your performance and sales.Share your details with us and we'll schedule a Discovery Session to explore how we can help achieve your business objectives. © 2022 Zib Digital. All rights reserved.Privacy Policy | Terms and Conditions