Shopify SEO melbourne
That's because the rest don't realise they have a problem yet.Our in-house team takes a hands-on creative approach, working closely with you at each step of the creative development process to produce a strong online presence for your business.
You’ve built an incredible eCommerce site stocked with awesome products. But how do you get the attention of online shoppers? The answer is SEO. With smart strategies, thorough research and a touch of creativity, we can give your business the push in needs. SEO is and always has been our trademark service at Zib Digital. We’ve worked with Shopify businesses of all shapes and sizes and helped them to expand.
Your business could be next.We don’t let software do all the work. Our SEO specialists take the time to research and understand your business and find a way to improve your organic rankings. We start by taking a deep look into your content and search for any existing issues. We also inspect the overall structure of your website and check for any technical SEO glitches. After gathering the information we need, we outline the steps of your Shopify SEO campaign.
Let’s chatA big advantage of the Shopify platform is the app ecosystem that makes it easy to add more features and tools to your site. There are apps to help you manage inventory, customer support tickets, affiliate programs and, most importantly, optimise your site for SEO. This means that in addition to our traditional proven SEO strategies, we have more ways to optimise your site.
Find Out MoreThroughout all SEO campaign efforts – Shopify or otherwise – your return on investment is our focus. ROI is the ultimate measurement of success in determining the ways SEO has boosted your organic traffic and search engine ranking. The account management in our SEO campaigns includes detailed monthly reports that focus on notable wins as well as areas for improvement and possible increases in SEO practices.
Start OptimisationWorking with SEO marketing experts that follow Google’s best practices allows Shopify customers to capture and improve business as trends change over time. The Google algorithm is constantly changing, so what ranks today may not be as highly considered tomorrow. SEO requires ongoing management and investing in a digital partner with Shopify SEO experience could mean the difference between no visitors and boosted sales each month.
Leave it to the expertsShopify SEO is a long-term game. But if you make the choice now to build an SEO strategy based on proven techniques, you can future-proof your digital presence for revenue that continues to rise. Here at Zib Digital, we’ve invested in the best people and tools to develop Shopify SEO strategies that bring about long-term, lasting results. We know the tactics and long-term strategies to position your store for success. Want to find out more? Chat to a member of our team.Shopify SEO is similar to ‘traditional’ SEO with additional requirements that are unique to Shopify. While the Shopify platform does have some useful things built-in for SEO, it can also create complexities. Hiring a professional Shopify SEO agency in Melbourne that knows the ins and outs of SEO for Shopify will make researching and setting up your SEO campaign simple.There are several reasons why your Shopify store isn’t showing up in Google search results. Perhaps your site is too new; Google hasn’t indexed it, or, most commonly, it isn’t optimised correctly. Speak to us today about your Shopify site, and we’ll help you to diagnose the problem and deliver a solution.Yes, Shopify is SEO-friendly. Ranking a website with many products or catalogues might not be an easy task, but since Shopify is a platform built for e-commerce, ranking sites and products is made easier. Experienced Shopify SEO providers can make your Shopify site visible in search engine results and attract potential customers.Bringing more traffic to your Shopify store calls for a solid SEO strategy from day one. Need help with your Shopify SEO? Contact us at Zib Digital today; we have the expertise to get your Shopify store the traffic and leads it needs for the profits you want.Absolutely. Before you begin writing product descriptions or promotional blog content, you need to know how your audience is searching online for the products you sell. An in-depth keyword research plan can tell you that. Planning is crucial in SEO, and keyword research is one of the first steps in our SEO process here at Zib Digital.More than any other type of website, an e-commerce store relies upon onsite SEO to boost its placement in search rankings. That doesn’t mean offsite SEO is less important; just that Shopify SEO should be executed by a team that’s experienced with best-practice on-page SEO.Let’s create an SEO plan that secures you the business you deserveTalk to an expert