There’s more to social media than selfies our in-house team focuses on commercialising your social media with results-driven strategies across Tik Tok, Instagram, Facebook, LinkedIn, Pinterest, YouTube, Snapchat, and Twitter for business growth and ROI.
Providing consistency in campaign performance for a business of any size.We work with all types of businesses to increase Facebook, Instagram and LinkedIn reach and engagement rates with cleverly designed, targeted and tested adverts. Rather than over-promise on immediate results, we deliver campaigns that grow and scale over time. Our goal is to optimise your investment for the best possible cost per lead.Whether your business has a social media profile or not, you can be sure that’s where people are talking about it. With over 71% of the Australian population active on social media*, it’s easy to see why it’s one of the most influential digital marketing channels for business. Facebook and Instagram have become important tools to increase brand visibility and reputation, build relationships and connect with customers.
Zib Digital is a one-stop social media marketing agency. Every day, we’re helping businesses to improve communication with their followers on social media and convert them into loyal customers.
*Source: https://wearesocial.com/digital-2020
These days, consistently posting content and engaging with followers isn’t enough to have a positive impact on your bottom line. While these elements of a social media strategy are important for building an influential presence, using social media to reach new customers and drive revenue growth requires a clear purpose, research and planning. We draw on our experience and knowledge gained from our Facebook Marketing Partnership to develop smart Social Media Marketing (SMM) strategies for our 40+ clients. Want to know how we do it?
Speak with us
Most businesses understand the importance of a consistent tone of voice and visual appearance for their brand communications, however, they often fail with their implementation. The absence of a consistent creative strategy can cause confusion and even distrust. A strong social media graphic guideline is important for complying with a system of brand identity. We determine and maintain a clear style guideline across the relevant social media channels for our clients. We use this to create monthly custom graphics and content that establishes a clear and consistent brand presence.
Show me how
Our monthly process for implementing and managing a business’s social media strategy starts with a content plan. The plan outlines the creative content we’ll produce, the strategy behind it and when and where it will be published. We execute, monitor, report and cultivate their community to capture qualified prospects, increase engagement and raise brand awareness. With over 67% of consumers now going to social media for customer service, it’s also important to be engaging with your audiences and managing both positive & negative conversations.
Manage my socials
We track, collate and layout the data from your social analytics each month and use it to improve. Our monthly custom reports detail the impact of your advertising campaign on each platform, so you can review our activities, see where the budget was allocated and what actions were most effective. This in-depth reporting also provides further insight into consumer behaviour, helping you to make more informed marketing decisions moving forward.
Leave it to the experts
Let’s create a social plan that improves your bottom line.Talk to an expert