Social Media Marketing
That's because the rest don't realise they have a problem yet.Our in-house team has experience managing digital marketing campaigns for large corporations as well as small to medium businesses and startups, represented across a variety of industries.How much is an ineffective (or nonexistent) social media presence costing your business? How many potential customers are you not engaging? How many of your existing customers are engaging with your competitors? As one of the foremost social media companies Melbourne has to offer, we know just how effective social media can be and the endless opportunities that it can bring to your business. Zib Digital offers carefully managed social media marketing in Melbourne to drive engagement, generate leads and increase revenue, either as a standalone campaign or as a key component of your wider marketing strategy.A significant number of companies believe that having a consistent and simple social media presence, posting content and engaging with followers is enough to have a positive impact on ROI. While these elements of a social media strategy are important elements at building an influential social media presence, the essential element is developing a marketing funnel, identifying conversion optimisation techniques & implementing them.
Let’s chat
Most organisations understand the strategic importance of a consistent visual style however fail with their implementation. The absence of a consistent creative strategy can cause confusion, a low engagement rate and even distrust. A strong social media graphic guideline is important for complying with a system of brand identity. We will determine a clear style guideline across the relevant social media channels for each business and create monthly custom graphics to establish a clear brand presence.
Find out more
We create monthly custom reports that will detail the impact of your digital marketing channels. We track, collate and lay out the data from each month and use it to improve. This will enable you to review the activities undertaken, where the budget was allocated and what actions were most effective. This in-depth reporting also provides further insight into consumer behaviour and engagement, allowing you to make more informed marketing decisions moving forward.
Start optimisation
Each month, you’ll be presented with a comprehensive content plan. We will execute, monitor, report and cultivate your community to generate qualified leads and raise brand awareness. We make sure the right people are seeing your content and brand. With over 67% of consumers now going to social media for customer service, it’s more important than ever to be engaging with your audiences and managing both positive & negative conversations.
Leave it to the experts
The in-house team at our social media marketing agency in Melbourne work to nurture your audience to make it stronger, larger and more engaged. We create authentic, targeted content to build an active social media presence that truly represents your business, brand, products and services. Every post and campaign that we publish and share on your social networks will have a goal and intention. This might be to build brand awareness, increase reach, drive traffic to your website, collect leads and boost engagement or to become involved in the history of your brand. Whatever it is, we’ll get the right people talking about your brand.Let’s create a social plan that improves your bottom line.Talk to an expert