Social media
That's because the rest don't realise they have a problem yet.Our in-house team has experience managing digital marketing campaigns for large corporations as well as small to medium businesses and startups, represented across a variety of industries.With almost 80% of Australians now on social media, Gold Coast businesses of all sizes are starting to recognise it as an influential, economical and powerful digital marketing tool. Today, platforms such as Facebook and Instagram have become an imperative tool for businesses to increase brand awareness, website traffic, leads and conversions. Let us create a coordinated plan for these platforms, crafted with the intent to build your social media presence, initiate and increase brand awareness. We can target specific audiences to attract and build a successful campaign and social presence that drives true business growth.
To create an effective marketing campaign across social media, Zib Digital will create individual campaigns targeted to well thought out audiences that are appropriate and influential to each individual company. Our thought process is well thought out and tailored specifically to your social media pages and objectives, and it begins with listening to you and what you want to achieve.
Let’s chat
You can’t simply share content and hope people will interact. Collecting information to tailor and grow target audiences, testing to optimise audiences and creative assets is imperative. In creating content for your social profiles, we aim to make them as personable, friendly and welcoming as the service provided by your business. You’ll be amazed at how these small, personal touches can give you an edge over your competitors and continue to grow your brand.
Find out more
Whilst it’s great to see your brand grow as a result of a social media strategy, we want to make sure that those results translate into a competitive advantage. We create monthly custom reports that detail the impact of your campaigns so you know exactly what you’re getting out of them. We will track, collate and lay out the data from each month’s budget and activities and use it to improve even further.
Let's talk numbers
From managing the content that’s posted on your feed, to the conversations that take place in the comments, to the ad spend driving the campaign, we can manage every aspect of your social media marketing and advertising. We monitor your accounts and campaigns daily to ensure that they’re optimised to perform and their best and produce the best results.
Leave it to the experts
Our Gold Coast social media services will allow you to leverage the most cost-effective and targeted form of advertising available today. We run social media advertising campaigns for clients every day. All of our campaigns involve demographic research, copywriting, graphic design, and conversion tracking, to make sure they’re running at the most optimal level. We have a wealth of experience and proven data on best-practices regarding copy, headlines, and keywords. We understand the intricacies of A/B split testing, conversion optimisation, and retargeting. Don’t spend valuable time trying to figure this out on our own when you have a business to run. Leave it to our team of experts to handle.Let’s create a social strategy to secures you the business you deserve.Talk to an expert