Social media
That's because the rest don't realise they have a problem yet.Our in-house team has experience managing digital marketing campaigns for large corporations as well as small to medium businesses and startups, represented across a variety of industries.
How much are you spending on an ineffective social media presence? How many prospective customers are you not engaging? How many of them are engaging with your competitors instead? As one of the foremost companies for social media Canberra has to offer, we know just how to reach your exact audience using Facebook and Instagram advertising. Zib Digital offers carefully tailored social media marketing in Canberra to generate leads and drive revenue, either as a standalone campaign or as a key component of a broader marketing strategy.Having a consistent social media presence, posting daily relevant content and occasionally engaging with your followers is not enough to have a significant impact on ROI. While these elements are needed to build an influential social media presence, the crucial factor is developing a marketing funnel, identifying conversion optimisation and implementing them. For tailored social media Canberra businesses need on their side, there’s Zib Digital.
Let’s chat
When it comes to social media content, a strong graphic guideline is important for your brand identity. We can determine a clear and concise style for us across your social media channels. We’ll then create custom graphics to establish a clear brand presence. Each month, we’ll present you with a comprehensive social media campaign plan. We can then execute your content and advertising spend and monitor it carefully to generate and engage qualified leads.
Find out more
Your social media campaigns are carefully monitored and analysed through monthly custom reports that detail the progress made on your social platforms. In these reports, you can view the actions that were taken, the budget allocation and what strategies were the most effective, allowing us to make an informed decision with your social media. We track the data gathered from each month and use it to improve on our social media strategies.
start optimisation
With over 67% of consumers turning to social media for customer service, it’s more important than ever to be engaging with your audiences and managing both positive and negative conversations within your online community on a daily basis, so that’s what we do. We know your time is limited as a business owner; that’s why our managed social media marketing packages take the hassle out of managing your online social ad presence and reputation.
Leave it to the experts
Our in-house social media team work to nurture your social media audience to make it stronger, larger and more engaged. We create authentic, targeted content to build an active social media presence that represents your business, brand, products and services. Every post and campaign that we publish and share on your social networks will have a goal and intention. Whether this is to build brand awareness, increase reach, drive traffic to your website, collect leads or boost engagement, we’ll get the right people talking about your brand. We’re always making sure that the right people see your content and become engaged with your brand.Let’s create an SEO plan that secures you the business you deserve
Talk to an expert