As a website owner, it’s important to be up to date with technology that can impact customer experience, improve time management, and save money. And a chatbot can do all those things.
So what is a chatbot? A chatbot is an interface that can interact with your customers. There are two types of chatbots but both have the same aim. For customer convenience and to save the business owner time.
Here are a few reasons to consider implementing a chatbot.
It will save you time
Chatbots save you a lot of time. Not only do they work 24 hours a day, 7 days a week for 365 days a year, but they also provide a service that you don’t have to do. Look at it from a delegating point of view. If a chatbot can do a task for you, you don’t have to spend the time doing that task. Simple!
Customer satisfaction
A customer is more likely to have a pleasant experience with a chatbot because chatbots are not human. Chatbots don’t get moody, they don’t call in sick, and they don’t use offensive tones or language. They’re the perfect employee.
Customer inquiries
Having a chatbot allows you to take away some of the workloads from your customer support team. It has no limits to its operations, yet humans can only handle 2-3 conversations at a time. This means you can increase your workload and scale your business.
Right product or service
If you sell multiple goods and services which are very similar to each other, a chatbot can help customers select the product that’s right for them. It may also contribute to more sales as customers don’t need to wait to find out answers.
Audience preference
Millennials don’t like to speak on the phone, so a chatbot is a perfect addition to a website where they’re the target market. Millennials are also not impulsive buyers. They like to inquire and compare before they make a purchase so having a chatbot gives them the space they need.
If you’re looking at implementing a chatbot to your website you might want to personalise the chatbot so the customer feels at home, provide well-informed responses and make sure you have the chatbot ask for all the information upfront so it isn’t repeating itself. If you can implement a chatbot successfully into your website, it could make a significant difference to your business.