There are hundreds of ways to market your business, but only a few allow you to communicate and deliver your message directly to your target audience, measure ROI, reach new potential customers and offer intelligent marketing insights. No matter what you want to sell or who you want to sell it to, social media marketing is an essential marketing tool in 2019.
Facebook, Instagram and LinkedIn - these are a few of our favourite things. Today, social media is an important communication and marketing tool for businesses. With almost eight in 10 people now actively using social media, it is one of the most influential digital platforms to grow your business and convert leads into sales.
Facebook now has 2.23 billion monthly active users engaging with brands on the platform. The beauty of social media is the ability to communicate to your target audience when, where and how you want to. It provides marketing insights and allows you to manage your ROI effectively. With the number of users worldwide, it’s incredible that people still ask;
“Does my business need to be on social media?” The answer is; YES - without a doubt! And here’s why...
Social media brings customers to you, with every demographic on social media. Today, almost two-thirds of consumers (64%) are more likely to trust a brand if it interacts positively on social media. The 2018 Sensis Social Media Report found that 68% of consumers read online blogs and reviews before purchasing from a brand.
Social media can measure and provide an ROI for your business; it also promotes two-way communication between business and consumer (B2C) to build trust. It provides a platform where you have direct communication with existing customers, the ability to reach new customers, build your customer database, increase website traffic and ultimately drive revenue for your business.
But where to next for Facebook marketing?
Facebook is changing the game for online shoppers with augmented reality. The company is excited about bringing augmented reality ads to its News Feed. The new feature, which has launched in the US, will let Facebook users "try on" products as they browse online, including things like sunglasses and cosmetics.
At the moment, AR ads in the newsfeed will work only in the US at launch, however, Facebook has plans to expand its availability soon.
Contact us today to grow your business with social media marketing.