Both SEO and PPC operate on many of the same premises and when used together in a complementary way, can yield some incredible results. For example, the keywords users are searching and the quality of the landing page can influence the performance of PPC campaigns.
It’s no secret that SEO results take time. Even when there are ample resources to work with, rolling out content, onsite optimisation and creating backlinks to support a domain’s growth don’t happen overnight. In fact, it can take several months of effort before a website starts to generate momentum in SERPs. On top of that, competition is high and Google continues to roll out technical changes.
By contrast, a PPC campaign can be rolled out immediately, generating visibility for your brand in a relatively short timeframe. There is also much more transparent data available in the PPC world, allowing for changes to be implemented much quicker. That being said, when it comes to PPC ads, there is a significant learning curve. Targeting the right audience and beating the competition requires great skill and in-depth knowledge. Therefore, aligning your PPC and SEO strategies can fuel much better results all around. Let’s look at how:
Sharing data
As both SEO and PPC are heavily dependent on keyword optimisation, simultaneously running organic and paid campaigns gives marketers access to double the data. By analysing which keywords have the highest conversion rate, you can enhance your overall strategy.
Additionally, you can use the two platforms to test different messaging to see what works best with your target audience. Testing different keywords and ad copy in your PPC ads can improve your SEO strategy, giving you access not just to keyword data but also helping you to come up with new content ideas.
Maximising SERP coverage
When SEO and PPC campaigns are run concurrently, a brand can potentially consume a large portion of SERPs real estate. Effectively, brands can gain double the exposure, increasing the chances a user will click-through to the brand’s site. When a consumer sees a particular brand well-represented in the SERPs, they will be provided with enhanced confidence in the reputability of a company.
Elevated brand awareness
One of the most obvious benefits of combining SEO and PPC efforts is increased brand awareness as a result of dominating the SERPs. Even if prospects don’t immediately convert when they click on a PPC advert, as they become more familiar with a brand, they are more likely to engage with its organic content, resulting in elevated traffic levels for your site.
Creating the perfect SEO and PPC combination
While SEO and PPC are unique channels that both work well alone, combining the two will undoubtedly generate greater results and more visibility for your brand. One of the main goals of your marketing efforts should be to create a cohesive brand identity across multiple channels that provides a convenient and seamless user experience for consumers. The result? Improved marketing impact, more sales and better retention rates.
To discuss an integrated search strategy that is focused on increasing your website traffic, click-through rates and conversions, get in touch with the Zib Digital team today.