With lives lost, millions of hectares burnt, half a billion animals killed and thousands of homes destroyed, we’ve all been touched in some way by this devastating fire crisis.
The Zib Digital team would like to acknowledge the courage and tireless work of our firefighters, emergency services, volunteers and communities in supporting those affected by the bushfire disaster gripping our country. Our thoughts are with the thousands of people impacted by the bushfires over recent months.
As a local team with members who originate from regional areas, and with clients across the country, we've been deeply touched not only by the devastation we’ve seen but also by the way Australians have rallied to support each other. As such, we’ve been exploring how we can best provide immediate and long-term support to those impacted.
First and foremost, financial assistance is required, which is why we’ve set up a donation fund via GoFundMe and kicked it off with our own donation. The total money raised by this fund will be split evenly across three organisations.
We’ll be recognising the sacrifice of our firefighters and volunteers by donating to CFA VIC. A donation to the Australian Red Cross Disaster Relief and Recovery Fund will help provide assistance to those impacted by the fires and of the services deployed to assist them. And, as big animal lovers, it’s important that we help in some way with the rehabilitation of injured wildlife by supporting Wildlife VIC.
Bushfire recovery is complex, and our nation will be grappling with these issues for months and perhaps years to come. We want to provide assistance to those in need in the difficult times ahead by using our best skills. That’s why we’ve decided to create a separate, ongoing fund to support affected business to rebuild using our digital marketing services expertise. The specific details of this support program will be shared soon as we’re continuing to explore how we can provide the most effective assistance.
To show your support for those affected and help put money back into the pockets of communities who need it most, we hope that businesses and individuals alike will join us in donating and supporting our fellow Australians in the recovery effort.
If you’d like to make your own contribution, you can donate directly to the organisations mentioned here, as well as many other registered charities or fire services assisting in the disaster relief efforts.
“Small acts, when multiplied by millions of people, can transform the world” - Howard Zinn
The zib digital team